For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Distributed graph pattern matching. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. We conjecture that current pattern matching applications may be hindered due to the rigidity of hard matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. The work 6 describes other large-scale pattern matching examples. Next  , each model's location is estimated. When an eye image is input  , the pattern matching is carried out with the pattern matching model  , memorized previously. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. Example 2. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. . In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. SCRUPLE 10 and JaTS 5  provide pattern matching facilities that can interpret source-code like patterns. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Introducing a pattern language opens another interesting direction: pattern matching and induction. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. 9 Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . Example. This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. To effect the pattern matching it.self  , finite automata techniques l such as the UNIX regec package can be used. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. Let E k 1 ≤ k ≤ m denote the kth named entity in the annotated passage  , T i denotes the ith query keyword Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. In this paper  , we build upon the earlier work in soft pattern matching. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. These navigational features are then fed into a sequence of pattern matching steps. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Two variations of this stream were implemented  , Web Pattern Matching and Collection Pattern Matching. However  , they do not maintain the hierarchical structure of a single stack since Lemma 1 does not hold for graph data. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. That is exactly the rational behind our hybrid approach to IE combining pattern matching rules and statistical learning Srihari 1998 The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. Using the generated pattern as a starting point  , the developer interactively modifies the pattern by inserting wildcards and matching constraints. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. , the associated nonterminal of the pattern root and of the variable symbols in σΓ in the pattern specification. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. Kamali et.al. pressive language. Particularly complex operations on software graphs are pattern matching and transitive closure computation. The patterns are described in Table 2. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. The averagc Previously examined by Cui et al. Function recParam in Fig. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. As a result  , it may have false positives. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. Lee et al. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. More generally  , pattern annotations control the scope of the pattern match. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Both '/' and '//' in the pattern are treated as regular tree edges. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. String pattern matching and domain knowledge are used for features of formula pattern. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. Next  , we consider the graph pattern in the first loop. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The matching score is calculated according to how well the semantic features are matched. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. During In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. And a chess board pattern is adopted as a calibration pattern because it is full of intersections of lines and supplies the enormous points in one image. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Finally  , OPS examined the matching trees that emerged from the graph traversal to determine the matching subscriptions. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. If the 'don't care' operation is to be externally controlled  , a cascade of'don't care' flip-flops D and F as shown in Figure 19.5  , similar to the anchor flip-flops  , has to be set prior to the beginning of the pattern matching operation. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. It is therefore necessary to annotate all patterns before sending the page to the client. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Such overlap relationship characterizes the normal behavior of the application. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. A recent paper by Müller et al. their rapid evaluation. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Yet ShopBot has several limitations. ShopBot relies on a combination of heuristic search  , pattern matching  , and inductive learning techniques. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. These rules handle match statements. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. Furthermore  , accuracy can usually be varied at the cost of recall. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. The research question is: pattern. Determining the changes between two versions enables matching of their code elements. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. Xiao et al. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. The pattern symbols are: Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. 2. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. 3. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. We allow seoping using two functions. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. This query can be expressed in XQuery 1.1 as follows: For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. Tree models form an instantiation hierarchy. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. Triple Pattern Matching. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. Daubechies' wavelet. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. —the first system for homepage finding. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. The rewriting is sound iff Q G is contained in Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. A basic XSLT program is a collection of template rules. Tree-Pattern Matching. A run-time stack keeps the states reached and allows such a state backtracking. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. Many researchers including Caiani et al. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. REFERENCE Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. First  , although xsl:apply-templates may resemble a function call  , its semantics does not correspond to explicit function calls  , but instead relies on a kind of dynamic dispatch based on pattern matching  , template priority  , import precedence  , and modes. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. These languages can be classified into two categories: path pattern matching queries 22  , 23  , 20  , 10  , 17 that find node pairs connected by paths matching a path pattern; and path " extraction " queries 21  , 13  , 4  , 18  , 12 that return paths. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. One writes analyzers essentially by programming in a full pro- gramming language; no guarantees can be made about the complexity of analyzers written in ARL  , or VTP. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. To address this issue  , we relied on pattern matching  , a very powerful feature that current Computer Algebra Systems CAS provide. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Thus we always prefer its answers over results obtained with pattern matching  , which we use as a backup for the remaining questions. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Plan recognition is semantic pattern matching in the programming-language domain  , for example identifying common and stereotypical code fragments known as cliches. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. Using pattern matching for NE recognition requires the development of patterns over multi-faceted structures that consider many different token properties e.g orthography  , morphology  , part of speech information etc. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " String and numeric literals  , Java names  , access modifier lists  , and other non-structured entities are represented using simple text-based pattern languages. The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. Moreover the pattern-matching procedure controls  , through nonnalization any excessive growth of the indexing term set. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. Typical examples include: pattern matching exact  , approximate  , with wild-cards ,..  , the ranking of a string in a sorted dictionary  , or the selection of the i-th string from it. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. Third and most important  , we contextualize the pattern matching by distinguishing between relevant and non-relevant pages. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . Note that in the following we refer to the number of triples matching a pattern as the size of the pattern. We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Fourth  , we have launched a Master's project to investigate recovery of pattern-based design components with full-text  , pattern-matching techniques. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. edge in the APT. Only the definition of windows over the data streams and the new triple pattern operator need special rules. However  , we can still simplify the pattern by removing the parent axis check as shown in We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. That structure requires propagating matching patterns to multiple relations when the dimension of joins is larger than two. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. Therefore  , each slot of a line can be identified by matching Pc and the line pattern. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Once the pattern is justified  , the door is successfully detected. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. However  , such structural join approaches often induce large intermediate results which may severely limit the query efficiency. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. In all of the above tasks  , the central problem is similarity matching: 'find tumors that are similar to a gaven pattern' including shape  , shape changes  , and demographic patient data. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. 7 In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. , F k  of data graph G  , in which each fragment Fi = GVi  , Bi i ∈ 1  , k is placed at a separate machine Si  , the distributed graph pattern matching problem is to find the maximum match in G for Q  , via graph simulation. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. They represent patterns because either predicate  , subject or object might be a variable  , or is explicitly specified as a constant. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . To minimize the number of unsupported answers  , we decided to always prefer documents identified with pattern matching over those found by the answer type approach. Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. where ins represents a test instance and C denotes the context model. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. , the decryption code  , impeding pattern matching even further . In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Specificity means the pattern is able to identify high-quality relation tuples; while coverage means the pattern can identify a statistically non-trivial number of good relation tuples . Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. For instance  , the following is an answer pattern for the property profession: <Target> works as a <Property>. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. Our pattern matching approach interprets a question by creating a concise representation of the question string that preserves the semantics. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. value is a probability of sequence segment containing pattern segment. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. The second optimization is the pattern inclusion. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . A set of intermodel checks between different requirements representation pattern is classed as " incorrectness " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. Consequently  , our approach performs probable answer detection and extraction by applying syntactic pattern-matching techniques over relevant paragraphs. Second-order relationships: The relationship between two or more variables is influenced by a third variable. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. Joins on a précis pattern are executed in order of decreasing weight. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. The min-support criterion specifies the minimum num-ber of times a pattern has to be observed to be considered frequent. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. Searching can be as simple as token matching Math- World or pattern matching 15. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. The IR ,-engine provides the core set of text-retrieval capabilities required by Super- Pages. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. 2   , which does not make use of advanced NLP tools. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. The above method could employ a variety of pattern­ matching and optimization techniques for sensory interpretation. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. In KBP2010  , we developed three pipelines including pattern matching  , supervised classification based Information Extraction IE and Question-Answering based 1. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. For each word of a pattern it allows to have not only single letters in the pattern   , but any set of characters at each position. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. Users can either write their own SQL queries or choose cross-matching queries from a predefined set. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. The performance is based on the automatically extracted patterns and n-gram syntactic matching . Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. The matching compares the predicate in a triple pattern with the predicate defined for a capability and evaluated the constraint for subject and object. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . ILQUA has been built as an IE-driven QA system ; it extracts answers from documents annotated with named entity tags. δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. where Centroid_weight denotes the statistical weight obtained by the centroid based method and Pattern_weight is the weight of soft pattern matching. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. This is achieved by applying a pattern matching between re-evaluation rule patterns and the node currently being modified. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. The matching is holistic since FiST does not break a twig pattern into root-to-leaf paths. Ambiguous strings are handled at the same time. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. It is therefore worth the effort to mine the complete set. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. Regularity Detection is used to detect specific patterns of movement from a properly structured database Itinerary Pattern Base. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. Of course  , only those access events performed by agents of the application example must trigger the reaction leading to the new pattem-matching mechanism. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages. The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. Our two soft matching models are generic and can be extended to related areas that require modeling of contextual patterns  , such as information extraction IE. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. In this paper  , to resolve the problems in conventional methods  , a template matching which is accompanied with projective transformation is proposed. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. Existing patterns are rendered inapplicable to matching simply with partial modification of the virus code as seen in numerous variants. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. We overcome this problem by actually downloading the pages  , analyzing them linguistically  , and matching the patterns instead of merely generating them and counting their Google hits. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. Thus  , they are used to improve the efficiency of the optimizer. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. 2 that soft matching patterns outperform manually constructed hard matching patterns in both manual and automatic evaluations. To answer " Factoid " and " List " questions  , we apply our answer extraction methods on NE-tagged passages or sentences. 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. The main disadvantage of predicate-based matching is that predicates should be pre-defined in advance. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. From the foregone information of success matching  , it can get the substring T8 ,9= " is "   , while there is no substring " is " in P1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. QUANTUM PATTERN RECOGNITION Pattern recognition is one of the basic problems in BCI systems. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. The recursion in the SPARQL query evaluation defined here is indeed identical to 11  , 13. The same assumption is made for grouping constraint and output aggregate function. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. This paper focuses on the ranking model. The extraction can be done using simple pattern matching or state-of-the-art entity extractors. slot is bound to the key chunks of questions. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. The equations describing the cell can be written as Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. 1. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. System overview. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. Fig.4shows the situation of eye movement detection. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . Amir et al. They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. Both experiments show significant improvement over baseline systems. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . kgenArgS 12. This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Implementability and operation decomposition are expressed similarly: pattern matching is used to extract the necessary in- formation. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. Tuples can be removed from a tuple space by executing inp. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. SOQUET on the other hand  , emphasizes relations specific to crosscutting concerns implementation. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. The satellites automatically instrument the application using Javassist 25. Siena is an event notification architecture . Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. There have been many studies on this problem. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. , chord progressions  , change in dynamics  , etc. This was mainly caused by the inaccuracy of the approximate pattern matching. The definition generation module first extracts definition sentences from the document set. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. The candidate sentences are parsed and the parse trees are traversed bottom-up to do pattern matching. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. All the following described operators consume logical streams. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. Access. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. When w  , r  , or w 0 is *  , the frequency counts af all dependency triples matching the rest of the pattern are summed up. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Two runs were made. Some question types have up to 500 patterns. Morph considers the morphologically similar words as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. 2g  , 3g  , … 7g: character n-grams 2-7 gram. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. However  , one may wish to assign different weights to different parts of the time series. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. Coverage does not exceed 79%. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Leaf nodes in an XML document tree may contain multiple linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. 2 Novel evaluation methods for Xcerpt  , enabled by high-level query constructs  , are being investigated. We do not present an exhaustive case study. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. We can similarly handle factors 3 and 4. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. based on a training set of given question-answer pairs. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. In Figure 1we refer to this as Streaming Slot Value Extraction. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. This important feature IS based on a syntacttc pattern matching between user's concepts and system known concepts. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Some question type has up to several hundred patterns. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. We call this bisimulation graph the twig pattern. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid. Character recognition is conducted using template matching.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. Snort library is sorted  , optimized and compiled by rule compiler. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. The advantage of our approach is that it is not limited to a pre-defined set of semantic categories. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. Then we insert randomly some sequences  , defined as " suspicious "   , and detect them through our threshold mechanism. The program slice is smaller than the whole program  , and therefore easier to read and understand. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. goal-directed invocation. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. For this pattern  , dbo:City is more likely to be a domain than dbo:Scientist  , and so for the range. A somewhat different approach to facilitate multiple language comprehension is DSketch. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. We chose the first 20 changed versions. Feasible ? Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. SPARQL is a query language for RDF based on graph pattern matching  , which is defined in 4. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. Some question type has up to 500 patterns. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. AskDragon uses pattern matching rules to generate candidate answers. In this paper we will consider only B-tree indices. Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. Besides variables SPARQL permits blank nodes in triple patterns. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. Our system first extracted key terms from topic narratives by pattern matching. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. The idea of the so-called pyramid search is depicted in figure 3. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. This step performs the intrusion detection task  , matching each test pattern to one of the classes i.e. µ is a solution in evalG W   , BGP   , if it is complete for BGP and Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2. A type system based on regular expressions was studied by Tabuchi et al. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Now we define the evaluation of complex graph patterns by operations on sets of variable assignments similar to 11  , 13. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . These frames are used for inheritance only. However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Worse  , some JS variables might not have declared types O5. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . Say that an announced event that matches el is received . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. Refer to Section 3. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . There are many promising future directions. due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. The matching can fail in the case that the pattern does not appear  , e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Also  , interfaces based on structured query languages  , SPARQL in particular  , are widely employed. To cope with the problem of blank nodes we need to extend the definition for an RDF instance mapping from 9: The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. The individual stereo rigs are calibrated in a standard way using a calibration pattern. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. The existing or newly created layer-pattern neurons one per layer image exactly matching the training image are then in tum defined as an image pattern  , and a corresponding imagepattern neuron is introduced with connections to the appropriate layer-pattern neurons. Generic tree pattern matching with similar pattern description syntax is widely used in generic tree transformation systems such as OPTRAN 16  , TXL 5  , puma 11  , Gentle 18  , or TRAFOLA 13  , as well as in retargetable code generation  , such as IBURG 10. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. Matching 15: is a query model relying on a single primitive: tree inclusion. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. This led us to a pattern language that consists of fragments of Java source code  , augmented with wildcards  , pattern variables  , and semantic matching constraints such as " static type of this expression must be a subtype of java.lang. Serializeable " . We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. The role pattern correlation matrix is the most likely similar to the collaborative group correlation matrix. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. This approach is faster than traditional approaches both because counting occurs without the need to go back to the entire molecule and because counting is done through pattern-pattern instead of pattern-dataset matching  , which results in far fewer comparisons. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. This experiment showed that a traditional pattern/action-based description of a searchand-replace transformation is a natural way to describe code changes. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. Since the question pattern represents what information is being asked irrespective of the topic entity  , intuitively a correct candidate chain should match the question pattern from the above three perspectives. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. In TREC 2006 Shen et al. , 2006   , we developed a maximum entropy-based answer ranking module  , which mainly captures the evidences of expected answer type matching  , surface pattern matching and dependency relation correlation between question and answer sentences. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. from the LOD Laundromat collection to be findable through approximate string matching on natural language literals. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. These patterns  , mainly consisting of appositives and copulas  , are high-precision patterns represented in regular expressions  , for instance " <SEARCH_TERM> is DT$ NNP " . Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. , all query nodes are exactly matched by their corresponding data nodes  , and each parent-child " / " resp. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. The heart of those methods is the subsequence matching module. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. By selecting the desired design patterns  , the user is able to receive a report indicating the design patterns found  , and all the elements matching each participant role involved in the pattern. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. The conjunctivequery approach to pattern matching allows for an efficiently checkable notion of frequency  , whereas in the subgraph-based approach  , determining whether a pattern is frequent is NP-complete in that approach the frequency of a pattern is the maximal number of disjoint subgraphs isomorphic to the pattern 20. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. PATTERN: Response SCOPE: Global PARAMIZTERS: Propositions boolean vector LTL: RequestedRegisterImpli As noted above  , all of the specifications we found are available on the World Wide Web at 8. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We then formalize the problem as top-k lightest paths problem   , targeting the top-k lightest loopless paths between the entities   , matching the path pattern see Section 2.1. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. The challenging aspect here is to how to translate <apply-templates/> instruction  , which implicitly demands the template pattern matching. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. The operation of the pattern matching cascade with sub-string matching capability and 'don't care' characters is illustrated in If the anchor vector has ls in positions s1  , $2 ,.. s k positions the strings x ,.. x ,  , x ,~ .. x ,  , x~  , .. x. have occurred in the text string. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " With the knowledge of this property  , we further consider that if the names of all ancestors of u can be derived from labelu alone  , then XML path pattern matching can be directly reduced to string matching . We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. The authors' experience is similar to ours in that ESC/Java used without annotating testee code produces too many spurious warnings to be useful alone. To detect both known and unknown viruses effectively and accurately  , we must be able to combat viruses that are capable of self-encryption and polymorphism. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. is likely to appear within ten words and fifty bytes to the right of the exact phrase " the Mesozoic period ended " . We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. Instead we will try to show the intuition on APTs and LCs and walk through an example with them. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. Then the individual sentences are sorted in order of decreasing " centrality  , " as approximated by IDF-weighted cosine distance from the definition centroid. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. An answer pattern covers the target  , the property  , an arbitrary string in between these objects plus one token preceding or following the property to indicate where it starts or ends. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Low-level inconsistency problems can be identified such as natural language phrases without matching semi-formal model elements and meta-model constraint violations of the extracted model. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. After greedy testing fails  , we acquire a list of back-points. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. In 16  , we proposed a flexible time series pattern-matching scheme that was based on the fact that interesting and frequently appearing patterns are typically characterized by a few critical points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Here vertex 6 can be mapped to both the second vertex label and the fourth vertex label in the path pattern. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. , a class  , a variable  , an if-statement to describe patterns  , and prefer to use fragments of source code to describe actions. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. An aspect is a set of pattern-matching-based rewrite rules that statically extend a given program with sets of programming statements and declarations that together implement a crosscutting concern. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. The selectivity of such query is determined by the original selection and the trees produced when matching the pattern tree of the selection to the database. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. in determining if there exists a mapping or isomorphism  between a graph pattern and a subgraph of a database graph use cases 2.1  , 2.12 and 2.13 in DAWG Draft 58. We expressly do not wish to support this because it would correspond to replay attacks and violate freshness assump- tions. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. To demonstrate how an application can add new facts to the YAGO ontology  , we conducted an experiment with the knowledge extraction system Leila 25 . Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. However  , sequence < 1  , 3  , 2 > supports < 1  , 3 >. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Intuitively  , this can be done because these constraints and conditions are  , in a sense  , analogous to the relational selection operations. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. As mentioned earlier  , every automatic error checking system has this weakness. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. Simple keyword searching is unlikely to be adequate. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. In Eclipse  , it requires writing a new plugin  , and mastery of a number of complex APIs. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. These likely locations are reported to programmers typically at coding-time. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . We adopted a pattern-based approach to presenting our specification abstractions because of its focus on the matching of problem characteristics to solution strategies. Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . The only methods transformed are those in the scope but not in the exceptions. Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. As a result  , the PREfast analyses are inexpensive  , accounting for negligible percentage of compile time. For instance  , in the following case. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Let us consider our chemist searching for Sildenafil. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query. We currently estimate this threshold to be in the region of minimum query length of 10 to 12 letters for human chromosomes.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. Integrating support for arrays  , as well as operations on them  , is an important extension of this research which we are currently investigating. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. Many systems used pattern-matching to locate definition-content in text. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? ?. Some What questions are classified by pattern matching and  , for the rest of questions  , the question focus is used to classify the questions. For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We try to find the answer from the sentence list returned without a match by the pattern matching step. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Using simple pattern matching we extracted section headings and identified segments pertaining to different population and age groups. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. In order to do that  , we collected list of cities  , list of states  , and list of countries. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. Notice that  , in all cases  , the numbers in the " Crawling " column are smaller than the numbers in the " Generation " column. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Many command arguments are names of files. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Adding then becomes a sequence of Boolean operations: we intersect the value to add with the " adder " BDD and remove the original value by existential quantification. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . The type of the exception thrown is compared with the exception types declared as arguments in each catch block. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Generating this predicate from scratch is challenging. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. by embedding meta data with RDFa. Atheris relies on the robust pattern-matching technique of ViPER and introduces an abstraction layer between web pages and additional functionality for these pages changing the appearance  , adding information  , etc. outline preliminaries in Sect. For a partial binding b  , we refer to a pattern tp i with no matching triple as unevaluated and write * in b's i-th position: The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. However  , as admitted by the authors  , detailed VoID files are unlikely to be available on a large scale. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. We can see that the coverage of the 3D model is increased substantially with the pattern projector. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. Because the feature abstracting is time-consuming  , this kind of method is difficult to realize in real time. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. It is not suitable to use pattern matching method to recognize the micro injector because of the low efficiency and poor accuracy. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Due to high TV raster stability and precision of manipulators that are used for the next LCD positioning the task was reduced to binary pattern matching. Another advantage is that for the rotation of the object only few sample points have to be rotated. Subgrouping may occur based on the group's task  , position within the swarm  , entity size  , role or a combination of factors. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Typical cross reactions between similar patterns are actually desired and illustrate a certain tolerance for inexact matching. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. The query can be formed either by indicating an example data point or by specifying the shape of interest explicitly. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. This is observed   , first  , because most conversations in the beginning exhibit a customary dialog pattern  " hi  , " " how are you  , " etc. each sentiment phrase detected Section 3.3  , SA determines its target and final polarity based on the sentiment pattern database Section 3.1.2. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. Since this pattern was commonly observed regardless of virus type and administration of IFN  , it implied ineffective cases of IFN treatment. As joins are expressed by conjunctions of multiple triple patterns and associated variables  , a prerequisite for join source selection is the identification of relevant sources for a given triple pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The queries in classes 7 and 8 can be implemented by the SFEU by combining the results of basic pattern matching. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. SPARQL is based on graph patterns and subgraph matching. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. After the matching is completed  , sorting of variables is performed to enable the user to view those most interesting patterns in nearby sections of the horizontal axis. An example for this definition is given by evaluating the query from Example 5.1 on the dataset of Example 5.2 delivering the result as indicated in example 5.3. These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. We are currently working on the specification of leitmotif behavior with the aid of Action Semantics. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. In this model  , a pair i  , j of original and recognized string lengths is used as an error pattern of OCR and weight  , or a penalty of incorrect recognition is assigned to each pattern to calculate the similarity of two strings by dynamic programming matching. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. The entity pairs are extracted from the body of the archived documents first by splitting the documents into sentences using the Stanford CoreNLP library 4 . To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The intended action is highlighted on the bottom half and the top half is the permission pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The graph pattern included in a SPARQL query is converted into a composition of such iterators  , according to a created query plan. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. Where target pattern means: the set of attribute values in the target set that are being evaluated. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. Using the same window size w  , the token fragment S surrounding the <SCH_TERM> is retrieved: The matching degree of the test sentence to the generalized definition patterns is measured by the similarity between the vector S and the virtual soft pattern vector Pa. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. It is much desired that an elastic matching of items can be used to accurately identify resales. The second factor requires matching specific tuple occurrences γ Section 4.2  , which can only be executed when the query terms e.g. , " amazon " and #phone and patterns e.g. , ow are specified. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Snoop  , however  , does not provide mechanisms for using contextual in- formation to constrain event matching. Typically  , a Web browser interprets an HTML file just once  , in sequential order  , and so the semantics of character data do not need to be spot-checked by 'random access'. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. This is because the position of a token is important in modeling: for instance  , a comma always appears in the first slot right of the target in an appositive expression. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. Three matching models shall be learned for question pattern respectively paired with answer type  , pseudopredicate   , and entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Since MATA is based on graph transformations  , sequence pointcuts can be handled in a straightforward manner since they are just another application of pattern matching-based weaving.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. system  , with rules maximizing recall  , 2 Pass the grammar annotated data through an ML system based on Carreras  , X. et al  , 2003  , and 3 In the spirit of Mikheev  , A. et al  , 1998 perform partial matching on the text. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. The first phase consisted of pattern matching between query terms and MeSH terms that are found in MeSH regular descriptor file and MeSH supplementary concept records file. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Since the positions of the acoustic landmarks are independent of the current position of a mobile robot  , we may localize the mobile robot by matching the newly acquired two dimensional pattern of the reflectors with that of the acoustic landmarks. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. Thus  , one of the extraction patterns would be a <TABLE> element that immediately follows a <DIV> with the text " Sample Round-trip fares between: " . This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. It is shown by our experiments that each selected URL pattern usually matches with a large number of URLs of the same format. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Accordingly   , our approach allows the user to specify regular expression patterns as part of the fitness function such that sample graph vertices matching the pattern should be clustered and mapped to a particular model graph vertex. The tool compares extracted EUC models to our set of template EUC interaction patterns that represent valid  , common ways of capturing EUC models for a wide variety of domains. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. But the pattern is quite difficult to understand so it helps to have this pattern level view and this matching into the source code. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. 2 In contrast  , when matching a data tuple t and a pattern tuple tp  , tX tpX is false if tX contains null  , i.e. , CFDs only apply to those tuples that precisely match a pattern tuple  , which does not contain null. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Standard languages for interactive text retrieval include pattern-matching constructs such as wild characters and other forms of partial specification of query terms 1121. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. Each rewriting rule is composed of one Perl-like question matching pattern and one or more rewriting patterns. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Here  , the problem of estimating an intended path pattern is defined as a pattern matching problem from incomplete data sequence of a human motion in its early stage. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. The key is a triple pattern fragment where the predicate is a constant and the value is the set of triples that matches the fragment 16. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. However  , the data points of the CP pattern are related to a corresponding edge of a CAD model. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. The difference of CMAR from other associative classification methods is that for every pattern  , CMAR maintains the distribution of various class labels among data objects matching the pattern. Threshold-based approaches consider an event to occur when sensor readings exceed a pre-defined threshold value. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. when a URL in the Triplify namespace is accessed or in advance  , according to the ETL paradigm Extract-Transform-Load. That allowed us to achieve the purpose of this method which was the extraction of a much larger number of matching points than in the previous method. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. While we believe we have made progress on the schema-matching problem  , we do not claim to have solved it. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. contiguous and non-contiguous combinations of words are generated and ranked in the descending order of their length. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. The described general procedure for pattern matching could utilize the entire history of data acquired durin g an assembly attempt. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. For inferencing Cwm uses a forward chain reasoner for N3 rules. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. JunGL is primarily a functional language in the tradition of ML. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. Navigation of XML values in Xtatic is accomplished by pattern matching  , which has different characteristics than those of XPath expressions. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. As mentioned above  , current EP systems 1  , 6  , 8  do real-time pattern matching over unbound event streams. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. This also makes automatic summarization easier because human voices can be easily recognized and pattern matching should be useful for recognizing many natural sounds. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. We use such information to compute selectivities. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. The following definition will specify how complex formulae from F  , which serve as annotations for results of matching complex graph pattern  , will be derived. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . Query forms. We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. Another related work is a recent study in 2 on approximate string joins using functions such as cosine similarity. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. The FSM stores partial results as the document is parsed sequentially in document order. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. in conjunction with query languages that enable keyword querying  , pattern matching e.g. , regular expressions  , substrings  , and structural queries 2. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. Therefore  , by incorporating this pattern in the grammar  , the same form extractor automatically recognizes such exclusive attributes. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. 16 study how to estimate selectivity of fuzzy string predicates. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . 15 propose a different method that trades search capability for much less security. They are sorted according to question type and can handle more anchor terms. However  , datadriven techniques Section 5 offer additional protection from false or extraneous matches by lowering the importance ranking of information not corroborated elsewhere in the data. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Stereo images at different pan and tilt angles were captured. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. The one extracts a cognitive image aimed at pattern matching  , and the other creates a perceptual imagelO  , 111. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. the context of SFP  , the query model is a discriminating property between systems. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Though the proposed annotations have a simple structure  , background knowledge is complex  , and in general involves quantification  , negation  , and disjunction. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. In information extraction  , important concepts are extracted from specific sections and their relationships are extracted using pattern matching. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " Many positive comments were made about the opportunity of using colour to discriminate between tabs  , e.g. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. In the fields of image recognition and general pattern matching  , geometric similarity measures have been a topic of study for many years 9. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. Adding new documents to the refined path index is accomplished in two steps. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. As we will show in our experiments  , it is worth using this additional space-overhead  , since it significantly improves the performance of XML twig pattern matching. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. If the query involves multiple patterns  , it is randomly assigned to one of the matching buckets. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Selection rules allow a straight-forward and efficient implementation of recommender selection. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. The FM-INDEX  , introduced by Ferragina and Manzini 6  , is a data structure used for pattern matching. The idea is to use that view to model pat t em-mat thing queries  , which we impose to have flat structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. a The transformation step :. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Generally  , it is useful to deal mechanically with a misspelling  , an inflection and the different representation such as 'three body' and 'three-body'. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. Naturally  , this simple technique depends crucially on the corpus having an answer formulated in a specific way. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. Some of the demographic information  , such as gender  , age  , and specific conditions  , such as patients weight  , were only mentioned in the text. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. Furthermore  , on extracting slot values  , pattern matching might not be the best options but definitely can produce some good results at hand. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. In our experiments  , the base definition generation system used is the system discussed in Section 2 and illustrated in Figure 1. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. At the time  , both the force acting on the needle and the displacement of the needle were measured. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. Pattern Matching In our case  , a highly optimized routine of the MATROX library 19  was employed using hierarchical search. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. For a particular object template  , they consist of a representation of the distribution of the object's color histogram. We emphasize that nothing is encoded about how t o construct a successor node from a given node. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. If there are other peaks with similar matching scores then the disparity computation is ambiguous repeating pattern and the reliability is set to a low value. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. The operator communicates to the robot via four hand signs: point  , preshape  , halt  , and estop emergency stop. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. In addition  , assessors accepted various model numbers such as Peugeot 405s  , 309s  , 106s  , 504s  , 505s  , 205s  , and 306s. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! The main challenge here has been that two sequences are almost never identical. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . The experiment environment is Xilinx Virtex4 xc4vlx200 which is synthesis by Synplify and is implemented by ISE. which the other components on this level rely. Typical examples of parameter estimators are pattern matching with video cameras; collision prediction; detection of task switching conditions; identification of dynamic parameters of the load of the system; etc. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. Therefore  , an ongoing monitoring of the sensor stream is needed. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. However  , within an uncertain interval   , the computational complexity for matching increases. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Moreover  , the time points identified using different dlen are independent comparing Fig.l7a with Fig.17@ and Fig.lBa with Fig.l8@. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. some of which are shown in Figure 2b. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. In contrast  , each pattern  , say pat  , maintains a matching queue to store the last matched context instances i.e. , pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. The learned soft patterns are used to judge whether sentences are definitional. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. For each molecule inspected  , our system keeps track of the provenance of any triple matching the current pattern being handled checkIfTripleExists. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. □ When matching a URL with a pattern there are three outcomes: These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . After that  , in the second phase we use the table indices on values  , together with the result from pattern matching  , to perform grouping and compute aggregate functions. Details can be found in 26. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. Variables like  ?root are existentially quantified over the pattern  , while E  , T  , H  , C are free. The system scaffolds the creation of a transformation by automatically generating initial patterns from a textual selection in source code. The authors of the data set  , Zimmermann et al. All experiments reported in this section are conducted in a Sun Linux cluster with 20 nodes running CentOS 5  , x86_64 edition. Breakpoint preparation asks GDB to set a number of breakpoints on lines which could possibly correspond to events requested by a fget. If a token is found in a database  , this information is added to token feature. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. , parsing  , proposition recognition  , pattern matching and relation extraction for analyzing text. In TREC 2003 QA  , we focused on definitional questions. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. The power of textual patterns for question answering looks quite amazing and stimulating to us. The system overview is shown in Fig.2. In the data set  , we are given 4 months of data October 2011 -February 2012 as training data. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. For this reason we used the semantic classifications generated by our named entity recognizer to discover such relations when looking for relevant passages. Third  , further work needs to be done for answering Other questions for events. For either representation  , we first drop unnecessary punctuation marks and phrases such as " socalled " or " approximately " . This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. In 1   , we discussed our pattern matching approach in detail. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. This would be less expensive than the semantic approach. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. The dates of death serve as a baseline since they are likely represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. Automatic music summarization and video summarization have attracted research activity in the past few years. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : Further difficulties result from the occurrence of grammatical and spelling errors  , which are very common in unpublished communications 11. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. A book has an introduction  , a number of chapters  , a bibliography and chapter parent title same " Architecture "   , is the set of all chapters of all books titled " Architecture " . Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. Proper nouns from the question are going to be represented in any paragraph containing a possible answer. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. Com* * Work partially funded by the EGov IST Project and by the Wisdom project  , http://wisdom.lip6.fr. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. The information contained in a single character in the CAS encoding includes information about all preceeding characters in the string. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Arm i plays a phrase based on a probabilistic striking pattern  , which can be described as a vector of probabilities Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. A similar landmark is used in 7  , two concentric circles that produce in the sensor image an elliptical edge. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. In other cases words were added or omitted. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. This means that all data has to be imported and converted once  , making it less suitable for Web views. Modifying these lists is an easy task and was successfully carried out by non-expert users. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. LLDL is particularly useful for learning collocations because it contains a large amount of genuine text and provides useful search facilities. Listing 1 shows an example query. XSPARQL extends XQuery by two additional grammar expressions: the SparqlForClause to use SPARQL's graph pattern matching facility including operators  , and the ConstructClause to allow straightforward creation of RDF graphs. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. The CCD camera installed over the flat floor detmnines the positions of the satellites by the pattern matching to markers drown on the satellites. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. More specialized patterns have lower thresholds  , but are only induced if the induction of more general patterns fails. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Since the malicious part is encrypted  , the behavior of the active virus cannot be determined by program code checking. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. Most of the pattern-matching tools 10  , 14  , 13  , 9 require users to specify the buggy templates. Figure 2illustrates two patterns: 1 somebody enters Classroom 2464; 2 somebody is staying in some place.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. V ERT G inherits all the advantages of VERT  , including the efficiency in matching complex query pattern. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. Note that all these operations are done directly on the compressed BitMats. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. Note that we use rounded rectangles to depict extraction steps and hexagons to depict pattern matching steps. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. 111 that sense  , it has a similar philosophy as a Prolog interpreter. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. In this first rule  , X and Y are used as free variables for the pattern matching. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. First  , we plan to support additional features such as ordering and aggregation in result customization. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , Figure 1shows an example query plan for a path query in which some constraints involve standard graph pattern matching. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. Advanced features can be inferred using rulebased approaches or machine-learning approaches. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. Using standard negation as failure here as in 4  , would let the bound negation succeed. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. This method only obtained 9 additional answers in TREC 2005. They are sorted according to question types and can handle more anchor terms. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. Examples of sentences from the corpus matching each pattern are shown in Figure 5  , with emphasis on targets from this year's competition . It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. Our QA system is constructed using methods of classical IR  , enhanced with simple heuristics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. , " When was the first camera invented "   , etc. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. Efficient indexing based matching of two and three dimensional 2D/3D models to their views in images has been addressed in computer vision and pattern recognition. So the translation between these constructs is straightforward. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. -Application step : It consists in the execution of an elementary operation item substitution  , item comparison  , .. An extension of the cascade of Figure 19.6 in two dimensions with k cascades can be used to do pattern matching operations with respect to k distinct patterns. The system tries to infer new knowledge right after the publication operation. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. In the broker design  , we intent to create a discovery pattern that will be based on the well-known principle of the " separation of concerns " . The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. One of them indexes the text to answer text pattern-matching queries this indexing is performed by the text engine. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. In addition to our theoretical work  , we also assess the performance of the formal soft matching models by empirical evaluation. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Systems fielded at TREC rank definition sentences using two sets of features: definition patterns and bagof-words pertinent to the target. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. The models can help IE systems overcome difficulties caused by language variations in pattern matching. With the help of appropriate hardware  , it is easy to fast realize. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. In this work  , a significant pattern is obtained from the matching of a pair of sequences. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We choose grep-2.2 as the subject program in this study. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. For each substring  , the bounding boxes indicate the parts that match exactly with S 2 . In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. This is known as the transitive closure of a graph. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. In a next step  , c has to be instantiated by a matching class  , in the case of using DBpedia onto:Film  , and p has to be instantiated with a matching property  , in this case onto:producer. A data record is said to be enumerated by a maximal repeat if the matching percentage is greater than a bound determined by the user. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. , matching slot by slot. These approaches have two shortcomings that we have identified and address in this work: 1. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The answer patterns used in ILQUA are automatically summarized by a supervised learning system and represented in form of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. This method converts evidence into first order logic features  , and then uses standard classifiers supervised machine learning on the integrated data to find good combinations of input sources. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. At first  , the pattern matching model is memorized on the basis of eye image which was captured previously. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. It speeds up the matching and significantly increases the detection speed of IDS. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The syntax errors we introduced can be located without understanding the execution of the program; they merely require some kind of pattern matching. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . Intuitively  , each pattern categorizes a set of context instances. Wang et al 41 have presented an approach called Positive-Only Relation Extraction PORE. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. We first have to introduce an additional XPath function Named match to allow Unix filename pattern matching within XPath. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . We denote GP as the publication graph and GS as the subscription graph pattern. All the possible axes were permitted except ancestor  , ancestor-self  , following and preceding. In the following section  , we will describe two techniques that we have introduced to minimize the number of these instructions. We simply take their common prefixes as patterns since different parameters are usually at the end of URLs. One class of approaches focuses on extracting knowledge structures automatically from text corpora. In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . Consequently   , for i ≥ 1  , we estimate the cost of matching a pattern as: costpi = f rontierpi−1 × explorepi. It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. To reduce the complexity and capture the need of novel applications  , graph simulation 16 has been adopted for pattern matching 5  , 13. // " -axis query and documents with recursively appearing tags  , file scan is neither efficient  , nor effective to return correct answers. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. Our extraction patterns are based on both the general POS tags and the strict keyword matching. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. For new previously unknown entities  , new instances are added to the semantic repository. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. The conditional equations use the binary function equala  , b which is a predefined expression of TPTP syntax and represents the equality relation. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. So we can retrieve related information by pattern matching using a subspace as a unit actually with some generic information in knowledge structure which contains more information than a predicate in logical formulas. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. A pattern matching technique was used  , in which several pieces of information from one or more cases are related to a theoretical proposition. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. , a user can put " " around keywords to specify matching these keywords as a phrase. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. State-of-the-Art. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. The efficiency of the matching operation greatly depends on the size of the pattern 8  , so it is crucial to have queries of minimum size. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. The documents contain different sections  , with their corresponding headings. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. The two missing categories what:X and unknown will shortly be dis- cussed. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. For instance  , the regular expression ^Jjan uary ? Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. aGeneralizationa  , b/aSpecializationb  , a: ADT a is an automatic generalization of ADT b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a subexpression of a commuted regular expression that defines the domain for ADT b. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. A regular expression is used to segment a piece of text to tokens. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. The # sign denotes arbitrary occurrences of any regular expressions. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. Content expressions. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. Each event expression consists of two clauses. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. Regular path expression. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? Synthetic expression generation. But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. It is not difficult to see that a regular expression exists for the tag paths in Table 1. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. Therefore  , once we obtain the occurrences of the regular expression in the token sequences  , we need to restore the original text strings. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . For example " Müller " can also be spelled as " Muller " or " Mueller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. The former is a more reliable source although mistakes/typos from the authors can occur while the latter relies heavily on the performance of regular expression matching to identify URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. The expression " @regexx " evaluates to true iff x matches the regular expression regex i.e. , @regex denotes the set of all strings that match the regular expression regex. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. While techniques have been introduced for mining sequential patterns given regular expression constraints 9 ,10  , the expression constraints in these works are best suited for matching a value pattern. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. An XQuery type e.g. , xs:integer | xs:string* can be represented as a regular expression . Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. Neither method regular expressions or language model for classifying questions was ideal. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , successive regular expressions are applied from the most to least specific to these sections. in these strings. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Table 2 4. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. 4. for sequencing have their usual meaning. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? ,   , and . The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. The regular expression da is also referred to as the element definition or content model of a. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. indicating an expression of strong feelings. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. Refer to 22 for a Java regular expression library. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Here are some examples of our patterns: P1. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. Given an event expression  , E  , we now show how to build an automaton Ms. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Note that the empty language ∅ is not allowed as basic expression. Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. It should be pointed out that some operations sequences are non-regular in the sense that they cannot be specified by regular expres- sions. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Regular expression inference. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. Operation LaMa is the basis for interpreting regular expressions of descriptors. We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. , if the input string matches the vulnerability signature. To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. and D. Knuth  , Ph. D. "   , a usual case in fields other than computer science. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? , the descriptors  , the basic building blocks of the regular expression  , are person   , employee  , and name. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. Definition 5. The regular expression r2 = Σ + σ1Σ +   , in contrast  , was not derivable by iDRegEx from small samples. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. 14 generate signatures to detect HTTP-based malware e.g. , bots. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. * to handle dynamic inputs. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. Next  , we show how this atomic formula can be expressed in SRPQs. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Definition 3. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. The heuristic rules allow creating user-defined types. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. 19  , 22  , 14. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. The question type is identified for a group of question cue phrases. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. THEOREM 3.2: Let R be a regular expression over alphabet 0. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. 2.5. Also relevant are the XSD inference systems 12  , 20  , 34 that  , as already mentioned  , rely on the same methods for learning regular expressions as DTD inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. They also make the agorithms more difficult to explain. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. The module is based on a set of regular-expression-like rules  , that match a certain context and replace found erroneous tag with a correct one. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. Second  , we identify a set of regular expressions that define the set of signal tweets. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. Such a word w is called a witness for s  , t. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. XML Schema supports a richer notion of types than Java  , based primarily on regular expressions. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. *-delimited blocks of the generated regular expressions can be wrapped in optional groups .. ? The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. The third column lists some example regular expressions or gazetteer entries as the case may be. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. This section defines restricted classes of templates corresponding to the Chomsky type 1.3 generational grammars 1 : contextsensitive   , context-free  , and regular. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. In other words  , the goal of our first experiment is to derive   , from a corpus of XSD definitions  , the regular expression content models in the schema for XML Schema Definitions 3 . Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. The format of OM regex is consistent with other lexicons in that each entry is composed of a regular expression and associated polarity and strength. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. It is well known that adding " and " to regular expressions does not increase the expressive power of regular expressions but does permit more compact expressions see Chapter 3 exercises in 7 . This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. This is captured by the regular expression guard shown at the top of the SndReq lifeline in Figure 1a. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Several approaches such as 2  , 3  , 11 use regular-expression matching on HTML documents. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. First of all  , good answers phrased in unfamiliar terms may not be covered by the regular expressions. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. In the rest of the paper Σ is a finite alphabet of symbols also called element names. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. The user  , however  , is free to come up with regular expression rules to mark up a description to any detailed level. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. For example  , given the aligned outputs: a λασεν  , b λαστν and c λασ ν  , the regular expression generated is /λασετ ?ν/. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. The descriptor is typically a single word or phrase that is compared  , using string comparison   , to the label. A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. The complexity of a regular expression  , i.e. , its model encoding cost  , is simply taken to be its length  , thereby preferring shorter expressions over longer ones. Thus  , this regular expression is used. In the case of the tokens in columnˆficolumnˆ columnˆfi75  , notice that the tokens " 8 " and " D " match distinct leafs in the Regex tree and the deepest common ancestor corresponds to the node whose regular expression is " \w " . For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. Previous approaches 5  , 1  , 6  to solve Problem 1 were focusing on its search space  , exploiting in different ways the pruning power of the regular expression R over unpromising patterns. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. More precisely  , the first part of the scope i.e. , name is the name of a user class as specified with the classifiers  , for instance  , a userAgent  , while the second part i.e. , regex corresponds to a regular expression. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We discuss the latter notion a bit more formally as it returns in the specification of XML Schema in the form of the Unique Particle Attribution rule. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. For example  , to identify the DirectConnect protocol we need to perform a regular expression match for: However  , we also know that the first byte of the DirectConnect TCP payload needs to be 36 and the last byte 124. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. where xt ∼ r means that xt matches the regular expression r. For example  , sd700  , sd800 and sd850 all match the regular expression " a-z+0-9+ " in the pattern matching language. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. The authors propose two powerful operators  , called I&-operations  , which are based on regular languages and which define a family of list merging and extracting operations. Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. Rn  , where M is the main query and each Ri is a supporting term. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. We used a Perl expression to find all links on a page  , with a regular expression that matched <a href= .. /a>. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. An algebraic system A is developed that is specialized for detecting data flow anomalies. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. The straightforward approach of listing all such possible strings grows factorially. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Then  , we can summarize the paths from x to z as p 1 ∪ p 2  p 3 . Equivalently  , an expression is deterministic if the Glushkovconstruction translates it into a deterministic finite automaton rather than a non-deterministic one 15 . A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. It uses a data model where walks are the basic objects. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. A path type is a quadruple G  , p  , s  , F where  Bssentially a link expression LE is a regular expression over class names which must belong to link classes. The state machine inside the rule is instantiated for different client/server combinations and is the rule's memory. An element definition specifies a pair consisting of an element name and a constraint. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. , proportion of upper case characters that we tested are not good indicators of spam. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. Step 1: Segment the non-domain part of each URL with " / " . From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We used 'http' as the keyword to target only tweets containing links. We now define its semantics. An extended context-free grammar d is a set of rules that map each m ∈ M to a regular expression over M . The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Williams 1988   , for example  , illustrates how JSD could be defined as a regular expression see  , Figure 9b. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. When viewed as a specification pattern  , these rules take the form of the regular expression a + b. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . 3 Σ * AB: The last two actions taken are A and B. We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. Recall that ROOTS is the set of edges from ²ÖÓÓØ to roots in the semistructure. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. A substring of the elementtext of an HTML tree is denoted as string source. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Gender and ethnicity is extracted using a set of regular expression rules. Comments represent a candidate items. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. The time derivative of the fuiiction is where b is arbitrary. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. However  , the code we wrote for bobWeather was straightforward . We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. The final output is the quantified expression Q.g re . In contrast  , our goal in this paper is to infer the more general class of deterministic expressions . Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. It is interesting to note that only the regular expression for authors is not a CHARE. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. 2 In addition  , we removed all requests that supposedly come from web bots  , using the regular expression . *Yahoo! For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. There is one mapping path in the example. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. Using this approach all variable matches we need to perform can be expressed as a regular expression match over TCP payloads. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. This pattern may be repeated any number of times. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. Sink denotes the nodes that are associated with sensitive functions that might lead to vulnerabilities . The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . Several new operations are needed to manipulate labels with properties. On this corpus  , we target at two entity types: phone and email. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Possibilities are  , for instance  , to use the current projects base URI or regular expression-based techniques. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Temporal entities and percents are recognized with the Alembic system 1. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. Intent generation and ranking. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. , by regular expression  , finite state automaton  , intertask dependencies  , etc. Let S = M  , P  , C be an ec-schema. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Changing to the push model would likely require modifications to the notification mechanism. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We use WordNet and some Web resources to find list of entities and tag their type. Think of a tool that marks up dates. Parsing is doable despite no good delimiter . We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. In a work by Murphy et al. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Therefore  , each data category is associated with a detection method. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. Creative- Work " implies all schema.org children  , such as Book  , Map  , and MusicAlbum. New features integrate easily through a resource manager interface. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. In order to implement the match-and-block and matchand-sanitize strategies we need to generate code for the match and replace statements. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The " keyword " problem space's states are all search strings and search results. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For each node  , both the key-value pairs and the regular expression of the corresponding URL pattern are illustrated. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. The specification consists of two parts: specification of variables and functions. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . The most related work is in the area of index design. defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . Having identified a set of constraints This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . Second  , path regular expressions must be generalized to support labels with properties and required properties. These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. /. * ?i. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. We are currently working on improving class membership detection. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q Ξ‚ Ð R describes a relation between a set and a single node  , based on a regular expression R together with an quantifier Ξ. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. The resulting  , much smaller  , document set is then examined with a full-power regular expression parser. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. We show that regular XPATH queries are capable of expressing a large class of XPATH queries over a recursive DTD D. That is  , regular XPATH expressions capture both DTD recursion and XPATH recursion in a uniform framework. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ‚Ξ Ð R describes a relation between a single node and a set  , based on a regular expression R together with a quantifier Ξ. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. A set regular path query Q ΞΨ Ð R describes a relation between two sets  , based on a regular expression R together with two quantifiers Ξ and Ψ. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. The core construct of the language is the relational expression   , which is similar to an expression in first-order predicate logic. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. Also  , a simple path expression may contain a regular expression or " wildcards " as described in AQM + 97. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. A path expression of type s  , d  , P Es  , d  , is a triple s  , d  , R  , where R is a regular expression over the set of labeled edges Γ ,EG defined using the standard operators union∪  , concatenation and closure *  such that the language LR of R represents paths from s to d where s  , d ∈ VG. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. As described in the preceding  , H p is the set of minimal DFAs accepting the regular expression guards of the various roles of different transactions played by class p. Note that the maximum number of behavioral partitions does not depend on the number of objects in a class. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. They pose requirements on occurring attributes and their values. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. The query does not return any answers because it does not match the structure of the graph. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. We decided not to keep such documents as they could potentially consist of lists of city names  , which we believe would provide zero interest to any user. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. The following lemma shows two basic properties of the approximate automaton. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. 2 Then we split the text into sentences and interpret as an instance every string which matches the following pattern:  These expressions are intended to be interpreted as standard regular expressions over words and their corresponding part-of-speech tags  , which are indicated in curly brackets. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Definition 2. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. In the second phase  , navigation pattern generation  , the goal is to create a generic representation of the TPM. In fact  , he showed that every class of regular expressions that contains all non-empty finite languages and at least one infinite language is not learnable in the limit from positive data. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? q~.0 ,~.l ,. We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . This is similar to the problem of inferring regular expression structures from examples  , that has been addressed in the machine learning literature e.g. , 20  , 5 . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. XTract 25  , 36 generates candidate regular expressions for each element name selecting the best one using the Minimum Description Length MDL principle. In examples  , we use the short hand a → r to define the rule a  , //a ⇒ r specifying that the children of every aelement should match regular expression r. Example 5. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. A regular expression r over Types restrains competition if there are no strings wa i v and wa j v ′ in Lr with i = j. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. So  , the effectiveness of DTD or XSD schema learning al-gorithms is strongly determined by the accuracy of the employed regular expression learning method. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. A server name directive that may contain one or more fully qualified domain names or regular expressions defining a class of domain names. In this paper  , we take an approach of normalizing entity names based on " token level " regular expressions. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. These rules are specified using a finite-state grammar whose syntax is similar to the Backus-Naur-form augmented with regular expressions. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The word pairs with highest association scores are {AI+4  , CP+0}  , {PG- 1 ,GH+0}  , {EE-4 ,EL-3} and the corresponding regular expressions are CPxxAI  , PGH  , EEL. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. , luv as well as regular expressions for capturing compound morphing are constructed from HF and Wilson terms  , applied to the LF term set  , and refined iteratively in a manner similar to the repeat-character refinement steps describe above. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. We use the notation that af denotes the class in which the field f is declared as an instance variable  , and For read or role transition effects  , we record the starting point and regular expression for the path to the object. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. We use the term " summaries " to imply a concise representation of path information as opposed to an enumerated listing of paths. Although the successful inference of the real-world expressions in Section 5.1 suggests that iDRegEx is applicable in real-world scenarios  , we further test its behavior on a sizable and diverse set of regular expressions. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. In cases where the semantic entities has a simple form  , writing hand-crafted rules in the form of regular expressions can be sufficient for capturing entities in the source documents. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. The complexity of finding regular paths in graphs was investigated in 15 and 7. Instead  , for technical reasons  , we define the semantics of an ODX ECU-VARIANT directly as a pair of regular grammars G A  ,G C  generating sets A and C. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Both steps rely primarily on checking for the existence of positive patterns and verifying the absence of negative patterns Figure 2and 3. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. , regular expressions in the WHERE clause of the general FORSEQ expression. In those use cases  , regular expressions are needed in order to find patterns in the input stream. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. Although the great majority of users simply have the typical religion/party/philosophy names in those fields e.g. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. , through memoization 42. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. The Tester is a set of regular expression patterns that match the URL of the first request in an SHRS. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. So  , the approach determines that h2 and h3 are decisive semi-constant HTTP requests. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. The crucial step is the precondition computation for the statement in line 4. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? In particular  , each operand in a Figure 4 : From a regular expression to a probabilistic automaton. Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing. For example   , " Sequence<item+> " would refer to a list of one-or-more items.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Any pushdown transducer is conservatively approximated by a transducer that forgets the stack of the pushdown transducer. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. Then  , the method above is applied for each pattern string. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. As we can see  , the proposed approach is an order of magnitude faster than the production quality regular expression solution. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. For these candidates  , we first create features based on the terms found in the context window. LAt is inspired by our earlier observation that page titles are excellent navigational features. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. The label matching operation is then incorporated into an Match operation to match a path regular expression to paths in the semistructure. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. When a temporal constraint is empty  , ordering will be implied by the actual position of the associated predicate in the query sequence. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Event expressions have the same expressive power as regular expressions. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Notice that for k = |E| 2   , the approximate answer is equal to the approximate top-k answer. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The first case reflects when a correct morphological variant is not present in the spell-checker word list. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. In the data of all tweets  , a retweet can be recognized if it is a regular expression of the kind RT {user name}:{text}. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Since questions are typically one sentence long and contain fewer words than answers  , we only apply pruning on answer passages. The typing rules should be improved to deal with precise type expressions as in the previous version of the  With the improvement  , the function body is well- typed. The an* expresses all sequences that have exactly one ui. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. , the text that describes the software name e.g. , Acrobat Reader and Chapter . Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. We wrote a parser combinator to parse an SVG path into a sequence of underlying operations . Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. Consequently we introduced a user mode which helps limit the number of options shown  , given a particular mode. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. The conclusion part is the type of answer expected if the LSP in condition part is matched. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. In this example  , the subject is 101 characters from the answer  , and thus the match is accepted. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. NER components  , for instance  , might use word structure by means of regular expression patterns or lexicons. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. Therefore  , we extract the title  , abstract  , text  , tables' captions  , figures' captions and the reference part from the raw data. In particular  , we are working on incorporating shallow semantic parsing of the candidate answers in order to rank them. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. In order to recognize those dirty text  , we employed regular expression techniques. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. For nugget extraction  , we maintain sentences as the text unit. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. Christensen et al. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. The grammar for a simple subset of RML is shown in Figure 2. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. An anchor element points out the location in a node's content which is source or destination of a link. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. In our study  , we assumed that the data type and data range were similar to a tag that expresses the same meaning. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. While dynamic techniques require execution traces and test suites  , static techniques are based solely on source code. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Most previous work has focused on alternating patterns. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This is equivalen t to the expression EnterPassword seq BadPassword. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. AOs can either subscribe to a specific event or to an event pattern. pred is a function returning a boolean. x ⊕ y concatenates x and y. splitter is a position in a string or a regular expression  , leftx  , splitter is the left part of x after splitting by splitter. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. Unfortunately   , samples to learn regular expressions from are often smaller than one would prefer. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. The same check applies to every other pair of IP address and port where this certificate is used. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. Their analyzer approximates the value of a string expression in a Java program with a regular language instead of a context-free language. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. The analyzer takes two inputs: a PHP program and an input specification. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. This regular expression denotes the set of strings that contain the <script> tag. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! Since productionquality detectors need to handle many cases  , the expressions can become more and more complicated. We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Like RPQs  , all SRPQs are defined by a regular expression R over Σ. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. We obtained these structures from the past TREC list questions  , and built a knowledge base for them. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. This tag will be used when building index. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. We strip away all remaining SGML tags and replace Unicode entities by ASCII equivalents or representative strings. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. Extracting URLs using a regular expression regex is not new and the regex 5 used in a previous study 2  by the Los Alamos Hiberlink team. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. Each feature corresponds to a sequence of words and/or POS tags. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In training phase  , the sentences retrieved are used as train samples. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. In Section 8  , we make a detailed comparison with our proposal. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . It takes as input a DTD graph G D and nodes A and B in G D   , and returns a regular expression recA  , B as output. This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. whereas a reference to a book may be represented author  , author  ,  * : " title "   , publisher  , year. 3-grams CharGrams 3 comes in third with an F1 score of 95.97. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. the " community age " . To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. 9 noted above is an exception. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. The default path flags string is " di " . As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. Otherwise  , one can just compose a regular expression by concatenating all the input strings using the union operator. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. In Section 4 we introduce another method which instead uses frequency pruning. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. Consider the regular expression AxBx: the patterns ABBB and ACBC are valid with x = B and x = C respectively. These operations Table 1b are more complicated than simple search-and-replace of a constant string by another in two ways. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. Tabuchi et al. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. swim is a code generator whose input is a natural language query in English  , such as " match regular expression " or " read text file "   , i.e. One element name is designated as the start symbol. It is customary to abstract DTDs by sets of rules of the form a → r where a is an element and r is a regular expression over the alphabet of elements. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . Different solutions can be implemented: from regular expression matching to search over predefined areas  , up to advanced templating on the informative content of a page. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. Clearly  , the phone number conventions in US are different than in Sweden  , but also in the UK. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. To conduct this security check  , we specify the set of unsafe strings with the following regular expression. Part-Of-Speech POS tags have often been considered as an important discriminative feature for term identification. After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4. By analyzing the URLs for the central servers of these 97 MDNs  , ARROW generated 2  , 592 regular expression b ARROW signatures.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. There are two possibilities for such a general solution tech- nique. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. Properties. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. As in our work  , they also had problems trying to extract information from documents and to identify documents that contain publications. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. The results fall within our expectations since this is our first TREC participation and we could devote only a minimal number of person-hours to the project. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Patient demography identification task identifies patient's age and gender indicated within the visit. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. The expression " computer makers such as Dell and IBM " specifies that Dell is a computer maker. Two propositions are considered equivalent if they have the same verb  , the same roles and the same head-noun for each role. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. ENUM " between slashes. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation. SVC is designed to make it easy and natural to express shape queries.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. All space characters is a feature of a line that would match the regular expression ^\s*$  , a blank line. The user queries recommendations by filling in a form  , indicating a list of criteria. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Further  , the constraint is semantical in nature  , and therefore it is difficult for the average user to assess whether a given regular expression is deterministic or not. Definition 1. Formally  , let r stand for the regular expression obtained from r by replacing the ith occurrence of alphabet symbol σ in r by σi  , for every i and σ.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. These observations are inline with our intuition and due to space constraints we do not include the results here. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In one of the examples we analyzed the vulnerability signature automaton consists of 811 states. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This is not the shortest  , or best possible query  , but is adequate for the purposes of this discussion. Each citation extracted from the publication text was associated with a reference cited paper ID. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. The search for product names starts with the generation of a set of candidate phrases. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. By means of the translation method in 3  , one can easily express any regular path expression in XQuery. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. Likewise a domain can accept all strings by default  , but parameterize itself by inferring a regular expression that matches the subcomponent values. Value Translation The Format transform applies a function to every value in a column. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. Finally  , GANS87 does not describe tactics that mix joins and outerjoins  , as we do. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. Figure 2: Query to find cities connected by sequences of flights with at most two airlines. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. As ωn represents a fragment of one of the source columns B k being copied  , we need a model for the copying operation. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. Also  , the content equivalence condition appears to be too strong as it fails to merge nonterminals whose right parts are instances of one regular expression. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. Thls approach works well for text. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. As every node carries a unique regular expression  , we can identify a vertex v by its label r = λv. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. Each example token sequence was analyzed with a set of ad hoc features. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. A candidate item is downloaded means web pages related to the suggestion are downloaded. For example  , for Paraphrase-Abbreviation questions for example  , " What is the abbreviation for the United Nations "   , it retrieves all articles in which the fullname United Nations appears. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. For each candidate object  , ObjectIdentifier evaluates patterns comprising features in portions of the web page that are pertinent to the candidate object. Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. Instead of that approach  , domain experts check the correctness and summaries the rules where mistakes happen. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. It is both rule-and dictionary-based  , using regular expression patterns for the rules. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. First  , we have implemented generic non-ontological extraction components such as person name identifier and regular expression extractor. If there exists an instance with the same name  , the user can tell whether the newfound name refers to an existing instance or to a new one. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. , concatenation  , regular expression that can be extended by writing Java classes. Generators hold a dct:description  , a sparql query :generator- Sparql and a link to a pattern :basedOnPattern. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. There are two major challenges that prevent these dynamic analyses from being used. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The symptom is usually an error message of some sort. The former corresponds to method behavior of the GIL0-2 class and the latter to the GIL0-2 collaboration. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Table 3summarizes the number of HTTPTraces included in each data set described above  , indicating a large-scale evaluation of the ARROW system. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. Note that RT  gives us an effective procedure for constructing the transaction automaton. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. In the CAR example  , assume methods to deliver it to the dealer  , to sell a car  , and to destroy it. More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. For instance  , one concern selected in gnu.regexp captured code related to the matching of a regular expression over input spanning multiple lines. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However these tools often require sophisticated specification of the split  , ranging from regular expression split delimiters to context free grammars. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. Graphs and sets can describe the syntax of models and mappings. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. We divide each document into 9 sections to perform fielded search  , assuming that queries contain parts relevant to varying sections in the documents. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. We have developed a comprehensive set of rules for parsing the lexicalized chain  , classifying modifiers by type  , and building parsing tree. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . Some questions contains more than one noun phrase  , we number these noun phrases according to their orders in the questions. We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. All results  , in the form of question  , docid  pairs were automatically scored using NIST-supplied scripts designed to simulate human judgments with regular expression patterns. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. NeumesXML is defined by an XML Schema  , which has powerful capabilities for data constraints that XML DTD lacks. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. In this graph  , we extracted 28 ,013 publications' text  , including titles  , abstracts  , and full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. For each of the questions  , only the top 50 documents were used.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. Expressions can be utilized to find literal values or potential new instances from the document. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Regular path expressions are used to represent substructures in the database. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. The the main idea is to start checking the constraint since the reading of the input database  , producing for each sequence in the database  , all and only the valid w.r.t. It is typical in the biological or chemical domains  , to have interesting patterns that contain holes  , i.e. , positions where any symbol can be placed. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. There has also been some work on the notion of converting path expression queries into state machines has been previously proposed in 3 ,14. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The designator identifier in the module identifies the type of designators such as execution and call for the join points. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. Since event expressions are equivalent to regular expressions  , except for E which is not expressible using event expressions 9  , it is possible to " implement " event expressions using finite automata. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The three formulae shown above define two binary and one unary operation on YxV. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. Note that this type of XPath views can also be considered as a regular value index. The type of RegExp used depends on the question category and may be a simple keyword-based RegExp or a sophisticated multi-RegExp expression. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . A final perspective is offered in Table 4which shows the success rate in function of the average states per symbol κ for an expression. This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In 11 Daws proposed a procedure to first convert the DTMC into a finite automaton from which it is possible to obtain a corresponding regular expression. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. The idea behind this rule is as follows: We construct an algebraic expression el representing {To foZ ,/ ?r Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. For the purpose of this work  , we relied on simple temporal expression extraction based on regular expressions. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. Similarly  , node 2 has two children for the two occurrences " B 1 C 1 " and " B 2 F 1 " of the expression " BC|F* " . For samples smaller than this critical size  , the relative frequency of cases where the target expression can be successfully recovered decreases as is shown in Figure 4for the expressions example2  , example4  , andà1 and`andà1 a2 + · · · + a12 + a13 + a14 By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The path expression join can be observed through the author and wasBorn properties. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. This explains why nodes with regular tags that represent multiple coalesced nodes of the original path tree need to retain both the total frequency and the number of nodes they represent. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. We describe this operator within the context of web querying  , and illustrate it for querying the DBLP Bibliography and the ACM SIGMOD Anthology. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. This property allows us to find a single regular expression that matches all tokens in a same position occurring in a set of URL. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. Regular expressions would not be able to eliminate the clutter since they are unable to " look-ahead " to provide contextual information. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. stemming and capitalization and then converted into a list of 110 regular expressions  , such as: In this example  , a word with the normalized form place  , view  , or use must occur in the same sentence as tool to collect  , and a word with normalized form inform e.g. , information must occur within three words of collect. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? Schema inference then reduces to learning regular expressions from a set of example strings 10  , 12  , 31. that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. Then let ρt stand for the ordinary regular expression over element names only that we obtain by removing all types names in the definition of t. For example  , for the XSD in Figure 4we have It was important to make the best use of the previously tagged documents  , and to ensure that regular expressions used by the system were not too specic as to require multiple expressions for a single question construct. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. From arbitrary simple XPath expressions e1 and e2  , we can construct an XPath expression e1 ∩ e2 such that for all documents d  , e1d ∩ e2d = e1 ∩ e2d. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. In the DOM tree see Figure 2 corresponding to the Web page in Figure 1  , the paths leading to the leaf nodes containing these text strings are α·table·tr·td·font·b·p and α·table·tr·td·p·b·font  , respectively  , where α represents the path string from the root of the DOM tree to the table tag. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. refSch := "$ref": "# JPointer" Table 2: Grammar for JSON Schema Documents strSch := "type": "string"   , strRes  * strRes := minLength | maxLength | pattern minLength := "minLength": n maxLength := "maxLength": n pattern := "pattern": "regExp"  represent any possible JSON document and regExp to represent any regular expression. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. , knows ? , in regular expression specifies that the edge is optional. Affiliation of a person to a team is represented with the inteam edge  , and social connection is represented with the knows edge in the semantic graph. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The iterative method may be used alone for detection of data flow anomalies for an entire program. The primary ways to invoke the JavaScript interpreter are through script URLs; event handlers  , all of which begin with " on " ; and " <script> " tags. Keywords are not considered to be aliases  , but aliases are considered to be keywords  , and thus the union of the set of alias names and the set of keywords constitutes the keywords for the ADT. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. In the rest of this section we give an overview of how our approach automatically detects this vulnerability and generates the sanitization statement. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. Relevance Judgments In our experiment  , the data are labeled for evaluating QA general retrieval in the following two ways: by using the TREC factoid answer patterns  , and  , independently  , manually in order to validate the pattern-based automatic labels. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. For notational simplicity  , we denote types for element a by terms a i with i ∈ N. As can be seen in Example 2  , rules are now of the form a i → r  , where r is a regular expression over types also referred to as specializations. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. In 3 it is even shown that elr can not be defined by any one-unambiguous regular expression. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. One of the contributions of this paper is to provide a public dataset in order to better move the field forward. We augmented some of their P2P signatures to account for protocol changes and some new P2P applications. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. The type system was designed for an applied lambda calculus with string concatenation   , and it was not discussed how to deal with string operations other than concatenation. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. In the rare situation that both Basic-and Extended- Transformers are not applicable i.e. , if the transformation requirements cannot be met by neither regular expression nor XSLT  , the VieDAME system allows to configure an external transformation engine such as Apache Synapse 3. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. The shared central servers are taken as the central servers for the new MDNs  , while the other central servers are discarded . We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. This problem is generic to any method attempting to solve this problem and is not a reflection of the proposed system. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. , union operators. Similarly  , there may not be one pattern with the highest nested-level in the pattern tree. states from which no final states can be reached. For every m ∈ M   , let Dm be the deterministic but perhaps incomplete  finite automaton DFA obtained from the minimized automaton for the regular expression dm after discarding all " dead " states  , i.e. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. An example of a query group is inurl:/includes/joomla.php a-z{3 ,7} Here  , the attacker is searching for sites where the URL contains a particular string. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. , waiting for the use of a definition that is already been killed and trigger backtracking. States s0-s3 and transitions t0-t3 are determined from the PATTERN clause in a way similar to that of determining FSM states from a regular expression. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. This kind of query is used to focus on a particular concept within a pattern. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. Whereas a lexical search typically results in a user sequentially visiting each result in the text  , the results of a regular expression search on a DPRG are a graph that presents the information separately from its structure in the document. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. Apart from such automatic methods to discover guards  , user assistance may be sought at this point to determine ideal guards from a shortlist. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. , movie.stars.name. To take one example  , consider the path from &movies through &Star Wars IV to the misspelled value Bruce Wilis. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. In this section  , the È ØØÓÐÐÐÔ×× operation introduced in Section 3.2.1 is trivially generalized to collapse every path in a set of paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. The ability to undo incorrect transforms is an important requirement for interactive transformation. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. Due to the massive parallelism available  , the FPGA can perform the searching orders of magnitude more efficiently than a GPP. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Our observations for this outcome include that for the models derived from the regular expression style paraphrases for the questions  , the classes were too sparse as the software developed for this task was not able to generalize the patterns enough. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. It identifies all A j nodes shared by some simple cycles line 13 with L i   , and contracts those simple cycles to a single node based on cases 1–3 line 14- 16. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. We then choose context-dependent services that meet the resulting signatures  , i.e. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We then matched more than 30 regular expression patterns over the bio field to check if they are effective in extracting classification information. These include the categorization of content instances along given taxonomies  , the creation of taxonomies from given content attribute values  , and the extension of taxonomies by generating more general terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. Particularly useful for SozioNet  , eXist also offers query language extensions for index-based keyword searches  , queries on the proximity of terms  , or regular expression based search patterns. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. One by one  , each protein in the database is retrieved  , its secondary structure is scanned  , and its information is returned if the secondary structure matches the query sequence. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. Although in ToXin we can narrow the search by following only those label paths that match the regular expression in the query  , we still have to compute all continuous paths over them. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. , writing regular expression scripts to parse the input data and recognize the existence of each feature in the input. In our current design  , except the literal words  , we also adopt common data types  , such as integer   , float  , month  , date and time  , as the features. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. Inde&thesecanalsobe'~ " verrexob~tsasnodesin the grapk they are useful to sepamte highway sections with diffmt values of au&l&%3 such as noJunes. There exist two large classes of the SBD systems: rule based and machine learning. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. BBN supplied us with an annotated version of the English language portion  , where named entities were marked by the Nymble tagger3  , which identified 184 ,723 unique named entities. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. Common uses are to separate table cells  , indent titles  , indent sub-section data rows and to provide a separation between lines of text. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. Once the number has been identified  , it is tagged with a NUMEX tag  , and the type field of this tag is set with the appropriate name Figure 6. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. However  , for this task  , we decided to go with the simpler approach of applying a general set of rules that would capture most common product names with refinement steps specific to the matched regular expression pattern. These questions can be answered by writing a schema that uses information found within the CIA World Factbook. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". The "." This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. The 2003 results were hindered by the limited development time  , which meant regular expressions were only created for a small subset of question types. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. Hildebrandt et al. , 2004 This year we have sixteen classes of patterns. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. Thus  , it is not sufficient to check for the presence of respective markup elements to find out if the respective markup step is complete or not. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Two novel methods that were explored relied on the notions of modularity and just-in-time sub-grammar extraction. Additionally  , as the result of parsing the questions  , we obtain question category i.e. , the expected answer type  , and some other optional information  , such as type of the relation between the target and the answer. In the case of merger and acquisition deals  , we also identify companies  , names of financial advisors such as investment banks  , dates  , industry sectors. That is  , HybridSeg RW performed better than GlobalSeg RW and HybridSeg POS performed better than GlobalSeg POS on all evaluation metrics. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. Some string-index technologies  , such as PAT-tree  1 I  , are proposed to improve the performance of various search functions  , such as prefix searching  , proximity searching  , range searching  , longest repetition searching  , most significant and most frequent searching  , and regular expression searching lo. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. For each failing test  , we split the input file into segments comprising 500 lines each. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. Next  , the Groups property of the object is accessed depending on the value of Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Instead of specifying the full behavior of the system  , each property may focus on one particular aspect of system behavior. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. This feature container provides standardized means to add and remove features  , and allows queries for a particular feature. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. For example  , a query with a regular path expression " chapter3/ */figure " is to find all figure elements that are included in chapter3 elements. The first string of the pattern i.e. , the pattern name may end with an asterisk  , while the other strings are either standard strings or strings composed of the single character '_'. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. The location of a dot in the graph is based on the type of query that was performed. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. First  , the extraction rules themselves are expressed in terms of some underlying language that needs to be powerful enough to capture the scenario. The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. How to publish geo‐data using Triplify ? Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. We constructed a set of rules for extracting a causality pair. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. Its crawling strategy is based on the intuition that relevant pages on the topic likely contain links to other pages on the same topic. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. This implementation is transparent to the application program  , and has the same semantics as an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. ■ Second  , to check if a step that marks up distinctively structured parts of the text is complete  , we can use regular expression patterns: The respective XPath test can check if a piece of the document text matches a specific pattern  , but is not marked up accordingly . Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. The latter helped us identify relevant documents and passages in the Aquaint documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The first step parsed the topic text into a set of relevant string entities and entity types  , the second step expanded entities with synonymous terms  , and the third step created a Boolean query expression from the resulting lists of terms. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. The link between a question and the production of the KDB component may be seen as a relation more than a function since the output may be multiple. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " will be POSITION  , which means the position of Cleveland i.e. , president will be an answer. Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. It is desirable to have an automated way to discover these terms. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. There are two cases to consider  , corresponding to whether source or persistent variables are bound in a query to an ARC-program. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. In this way  , the adorned program mirrors the way the ARC-program was constructed from the corresponding GRE query  , except that bound variables are now propagated top-down rather than bottom-up. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. It enables users to invoke arbitrary computation using their favorite tools to define data-dependent aspects of the mapping that cannot be cleanly represented in declarative representations. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. Schema matching techniques have also been used to identify the semantic types of columns by comparing them with labeled columns 10 . For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. The nature of the CSIRO corpus allowed us to carry out genre identification into a small number of interesting categories people  , projects  , media releases  , publications  , biographies  , feature articles  , podcasts  , using some simple regular expression matches over URLs and document texts. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. Thirdly  , the program which instantiates a variability-related role should be encapsulated as an interceptor which is a regular Java class and implements the Interceptor interface. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. Gold 9  showed that the problem of inferring a DFA of minimum size from positive examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. DTDs provide a sophisticated regular expression language for imposing constraints on elements and subelements the so-called content model   , but are very limited in the control of attributes and data elements. Figure 6shows the web page screenshots of – i question deleted by moderator left and ii question deleted by author right. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. In 16 Hahn et al. An example is given at the beginning o section 4. method is described in  13; the algebra A itself is a contribution of this paper. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . That is  , 211 for x  , 041 for y  , and 211 for z  , which is the same answer arrived at above. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Teleport 62 proved to be the most thorough of a group of crawlers that included WebSphinx 38  , Larbin 56  , and Web-Glimpse 35. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. Our setup only performs the regular expression match if the TCP payload starts with GET or HTTP indicating a HTTP payload. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. We also augment each such abstract heap location with a formula  , which is a conservative encoding of the current state of that location  , including its type constraints. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. If one key of t has a concrete value not a regular expression  , such as " path 2 " of node B in Figure 4b which has one unique value " display "   , one keep operation is created for this key. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. As described in the current SPARQL 1.1 specification  , " a property path is a possible route through a graph between two graph nodes .. and query evaluation determines all matches of a path expression .. " 10. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. The web page  , noticing that it does not have a session secret  , opens up an invisible IFRAME with the SSL URL https://example.com/login/ recover. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. In order to be less naive  , a few additional steps in the generation of the regular expression can be be taken. Clearly  , providing individual phone numbers as seed examples would not achieve the desired behavior; the numbers may not even exist in the corpus. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. By considering assignments as production rules and translating the input specification into production rules  , we can obtain the following grammar approximating the output of the program. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. The approach matches each test page with the learnt template  , segment the web page into set of sections  , and assigns importance to each section  , using template learning  , and page level spatial and content features. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. We observe that storage systems typically perform redundancy elimination in a manner that is completely transparent to the higher levels  , and our indexing approach would thus have to be implemented at the lower levels for best performance. In our primary results  , 65 42% of the rules matched at least one URL some URLs were matched more than once for a total of 6933 rule matches. To give the reader an intuition of how fault-revealing properties can lead users to errors  , Figure 9 provides examples   , from our experiments  , of fault-revealing and nonfault-revealing properties for two faulty versions. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The developer now has a concrete location in the code from which to consider the change task. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. The subject then performed a pattern-level search for the regular expression " blocking "   , which resulted in several sentences  , including the following: " if the underlying IPC mechanism does not support non-blocking  , the developer could use a separate thread to handle communication " . While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For the default parameterizations of constant values and constant lengths it is easy to adjust the formulas given in the previous section. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models. Precision for each of the four language models and the regular expression classifier are reported in Table 7tagging refers to entity and part of speech tagging.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , the query query number 85 in the 10 ,000 query set: For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. Regular path expression queries RPE that contain " # " and " * " need to be expanded to SPE queries first  , then translated into SQL statements. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it Figure 1: System Overview does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. When evaluating answers for each question type  , we determine whether changing " or " or " and " retrieves any sentences  , and allow this most restrictive screen if it returns any sentences. As a result of age identification  , 9185 visits were classified as adult  , 5747 as elder  , 581 as teen  , 273 as child  , and 3248 had no age information. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. The role of B-Recogniser can be realised by both domain-tailored  , and domaintrained services. A number of successful approaches from last year inspired our approach for this year ELC challenge 2 were using a two-stage retrieval approach to retrieve entities. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . This engine was based originally on a number of pattern recognition tools collectively known as tgrep. The TOMS can map between the two branches  , however  , and find which lines a sentence spansboth  , and gives the administrator an ID that must be used as a unique key to identify the document in all future interactions. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. For 2  , the reduction is from DISJOINT PATHS  , whose NP-completeness follows immediately from results in FHw801. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. The query in Example 1.1 defines a view which logically partitions the database into three regions  , as in Figure 3 . View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. Indeed  , there is no paper or manual available describing the machinery underlying Trang. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. Closing of the page or time outs are encoded as E. For example the trail in the example will be encoded to the string SSV V SSV P . This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. For instance  , the regular expression can be applied to extract all IP addresses in email Header to form an artificial sub-document. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. With Pre-decode method  , parallel character and prefix tree  , this structure optimized the structure and minimized circuit areas and realize the target of lower cost and wider applicability. It can be chosen to define a split pattern as separator or a match pattern to identify the constituents or interesting parts of an attribute value. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. , units and ranks  , most of these errors could be corrected using a host of 135 regular expression rules. For example  , unit names as abbreviations are inflected in Finnish by appending a : and the inflection ending. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. This binding is realized in the notion of In a query of type 1  , the text pattern can be specified in many different ways  , e.g. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. , found in the local context of potential sentence breaking punctu- ation. If two different strings occur in the same corresponding positions of two Web pages  , they are believed to be the items to be extracted. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The above query is the query example from the introduction. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Alternatively  , since the extraction rule is expressed as a regular expression with concatenation and alternative only  , it is easier to construct a finite-state machine for such an extraction rule. We only require that a special markup syntax  , a marker  , is available for denoting where holes occur in the source text of a template page. The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. Figure 3presents the architecture of the ARROW system. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. The second component  , central server identification  , aggregates individual drive-by download samples which form MDNs and then identifies the central servers. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. The passages were indexed by Lucene 5. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' , and '|' to denote multiplicity denotes repetition of similar structure  , optionality denotes part of structure is optional  , and disjunction denote presence of one of the structures in the structural data  , respectively. In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. We now consider the following problem: Given an SDTD d  , m0  , which open tags are pre-order typed in every document defined by d  , m0 ? For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. State-of-the-art TempEx taggers such as HeidelTime 36 and SUTime 9  are based on regular expression matching   , handcrafted rules  , and background dictionaries. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. Given a concrete path fl.f2..f~  , we apply the rewrite rules to the tuple e  , fl.f2..f~ to obtain a final tuple Q  , e  , where Q is the regular expression that represents the path. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. An algebra A is presented that combines the problems of finding the three kinds of data flow anomalies. If for every execution history h witnessed in the traces  , if h is included in the language of re 1   , then it is also included in the language of re 2 then re 2 is preferred. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . The tool of choice today is the text matching tool grep l or one of its many cousins  , due to its ease of use  , speed  , and integration with the editing environment. When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. An aspect in AB is defined as a pair consisting of a pattern a grep-like regular expression and a color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. Multiple-Query Optimization/Execution: As outlined in Section 4  , complex path expressions are handled in a relational database by converting them into many simple path expressions  , each corresponding to a separate SQL query. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. Let us return to live variables problem to see how the problem is solved with respect to the prime program decomposition in Figure 5. Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. A regular expression is used to find a string representing a number either in words  , digits or a combination of the two. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. The open angle bracket < is used as a special escape character  , hence we make sure that it does not appear in the source text  , which is either a question or a passage. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. , the system has to maintain multiple versions of the potentially large dataset. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. We present the maximum MRR achieved by the approaches in each domain in Table 1we observe it occurs when training on all labelled data sources apart from the test source. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . wire as long as the runs generated with Quicksort. When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. P ,. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. it works for any unordered data structure. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. quicksort. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. it is quite difficult to understand. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. If the external ' To implement Quicksort efficiently. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. A close analogy can be drawn between the relative benefits of quicksort  , which has worst case O  n 2  performance  , versus merge sort  , which has worst case On1ogn; quicksort is preferred for its faster expected execution time. This is due to the start-up costs associated with the segmentation and could be reduced even further with improvements to the PREDATOR optimizer. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Our results also showed that replacement selection with block writes is the preferred inmemory sorting method. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. Examples: VERS = 1: {Speed = {High  , Low}}; VERS = 1: {Kind = QuickSort}; The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. Their characteristics are given by Table 2. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. run quicksort for each user. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Proceedings of the 23rd VLDB Conference Athens  , Greece  , 1997 Pang  , Carey and Livny PCL93a  first studied dynamic memory adjustment for sorting and proposed memory adjustment strategies for external mergesort. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. In this section we will focus on three sources from which equations with extra variables can arise and on how CEC deals with these cases. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. We give examples of both ways of generating the test eases. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. Completion in CEC  , however  , in addition to make rewriting confluent  , establishes completeness of this efficient operational semantics for quasireductive equations. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . Similarly  , WISE highlights the On 2  worst-case of Quicksort  , while the average-case complexity is only On log n. In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. The merge phase consists of one or more merge steps  , each of which combines a number of runs into a single  , longer run. The first data structure was an array  , the data structure used by B SD quicksort. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the graphs below we assume a disk transfer rate of 1.5 MB/set  , as in SAG96  , AAD+96. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. We have made the experience that if there exists such an inconsistency   , it shows up quickly during an attempt to complete the combination. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Visual events involve both discrete and continuous changes in the graphical representation. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Pass zero of the standard external sort routine reads in b pages of the data  , sorts the records across those b pages say  , using quicksort   , and writes the b sorted pages out as a b-length sorted run. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. In this experiment we have set D=8  , T=500 ,000  , and C i =T/i  , while varying Z from 0 uniform distribution  to 2. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. For the step a  , we can write t  , = ct  , + wt  , + 1.2 vlogv wstcs which accounts for reading all the documents in the collection   , parsing all the words  , and sorting the vocabulary to generate a perfect hash. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. Thus  , the value of N has to reflect a compromise between reducing disk head movements and increasing the average length of the sorted runs. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Quicksort produces runs that ;Irc as large as the memory that is allocated for the split phase. A nice discussion of the details involved in implementing rcplaccment sclccction can be found in Salz90. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. Basing our method on the output  , we will generate a sorted list of N numbers for the output file  , scattering these numbers in the input file as we go along. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. In the case of typical implementations of Quicksort  , all of the tuples in memory have to be sorted and written out as a new run before a page can be released'. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. In particular  , they account for the 12~second hike in page's response time  , from an average of 410 seconds in Figure 7to an average of 530 seconds here  , compared to the smaller 65-second increase in the case of split. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The sample is basically used for computing the skeleton of a kd-tree that is kept as an index in an internal node of the index structure as it is known from the X-tree BKK 96. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. The multi-stage approach used in our implementation is similar to the one used in parallel disk-based sorts 1 in our case  , the external storage is the off-chip main-memory  , not disk. Only the start-up overhead of about 100 TLB misses is not covered  , but this is negligible. This is due to the large number of random I/OS that repf 1 produces  , as the external sort alternates between reading a relation page and writing a page to tbe output run. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Due to the much longer split-phase durations that result from excessive disk seeks  , as seen in Section 5.1  , replacement selection repll is almost always slower than Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Nir Ailon 1 proposed a formal pairwise method based on QuickSort which can reduce the number of preference judgments from On 2  to On log n. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Expectations associated with that word would search for modifiers like "probabilistic" and for the entity being analyzed "Quicksort"  , as well as looking for other components that are not present in this particular piece of text  , While being guided by the expectation-based model laid out above  , we plan to depart from it in several ways. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. Therefore  , the total judgment complexity of top-k labeling strategy is about On log k. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The sections of a document to be parsed are chosen based on their potential for producing REST frames that could be usefully matched with the representation of the query. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . special effects. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Yokoi et al. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. Consider a two class classification problem. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. Support vector machine is a model of binary classifier 6. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. With L = W   , we can have: used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. Wang et al. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. The quadratic term in 1 maximizes the distance or " margin " between the bounding planes. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. We tested the viability of machine learning attacks by implementing a support vector machine. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. A method for constructing the HSS  , a scale and viewing angle robust feature vector that encapsulates these interperson variations  , was presented. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. It assumes a value of 1 if the leg is on the ground and 0 otherwise. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. This time  , however  , only the first primary descriptor assigned to the document was used  , assuming that this is the most important descriptor for the respective document. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. : which include names of people  , organizations   , locations  , etc. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. Support vector machine was used to learn from the artificially enlarged training documents. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. This causes a significant improvement in the classification performance  , especially when path and non-path have similar color features. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. In 12  , 14  , 22  , 26  , queries were classified according to users' search needs  , for instance  , topic distillation  , named page finding  , and homepage finding. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. The window around a boredom event was classified as 30 frames prior to the boredom rating and 90 frames after. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. Many snippets neither indicate similarity nor difference  , but merely mention a pair of products  , for example asking how they compare. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. In 3   , a learning strategy is used for determining similarity between records. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. The Melbourne team was a collaboration of the University of Melbourne  , RMIT University   , and the Victorian Society for Computers and the Law. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. Some studies that use suffix arrays SAs for document classification have been proposed. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. Then  , a support vector machine 32 is used to compute the relevance score of these sections 2 Note  , this is different from HTML frames. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. 10 proposed a machine learning based method to conduct extraction from research papers. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. 8 provides some initial answers to these questions  , but does not address predictability directly  , nor does it look specifically at anchor text. " Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. We define and combine two different kernel functions that calculate the pairwise similarity between sentences bag-of-words and verb. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. The trade-off parameter c of the Support Vector Machine learning was set to 1 in all experiments. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. Datasets for both evaluations were constructed to be the same size in order to make the results comparable. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The outputs are then used as input to a Support Vector Machine  , that combines optimally the different cue contributions. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. During testj'lg phase  , the texture feature of testing im­ age will be extmcted. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Can we predict community acceptance ? Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. In an experiment  , titles of 1000 PDF files were extracted with SciPlore Xtract. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. If no location is found  , PLSA 10 is performed on the tag data of the corpus. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Overlap in passages were removed and the lists were trimmed to the top 1000 re- sults. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. We further introduce probabilistic model to describe latent semantics. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. use entropy based methods 7 to select unlabeled examples for the application of image retrieval. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. – automatic audio annotations coming from emotional states recognition for example fear  , neutral  , anger. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. Creating this distance metric is the focus of this paper. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. We form such feature vectors for all synonymous word-pairs positive training examples as well as for non-synonymous word-pairs negative training examples. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. , 2002 corpus and uses support vector machine classifiers. This goal is achieved by performing shallow semantic parsing. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. Our tests showed 1 that style information such as font size is suitable in many cases to extract titles from PDF files in our experiment in 77.9%. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. Chen Chen et al. , 2010  , by means of the Wavelet Transform  , obtains the audio signal in the time-frequency domain. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. Based on the experiments described in this article we conclude that our automatic approach to the classification of images performs at least as well as human observers. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. For a normally distributed variable  , outliers are objects with Mahalanobis distance above a given threshold. However  , there are only a few papers describing machine learning approaches to question classification  , and some of them such as 17 are pessimistic. In this year's task  , we made a thorough modification to our classification system: a new type of feature  , which can contain more semantic information  , is proposed  , and to generate this feature  , a new recursive incremental machine learning method is employed. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. Furthermore  , documents with high path lengths are more specialized and thus tend to use a more specialized vocabulary. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. We remove repeated occurrences of the same input vector and assign the most common label for this input vector to the occurrence that we leave in the training set. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Summarized  , despite the issue that many PDFs could not be converted  , the rule based heuristic we introduced in this paper  , delivers good results in extracting titles from scientific PDFs 77.9% accuracy. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. Guyon et at 10 used Support Vector Machine methods with Recursive Fea­ ture Elimination RFE for gene selection to achieve better classification performance. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. From the previous work on active learning 7 18  , measurement of uncertainty has played an important role in selecting the most valuable examples from a pool of unlabeled data. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. This corpus is mined from the Internet Movie Database archive of the rec.arts.moviews.reviews newsgroup. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. Note that by exploring the low rank property  , the optimization problem is not convex. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. This approach is similar to that recommended by Sonnenburg et al. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. In the second stage  , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed  , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. 11 selected strongly correlated genes for accurate disease classification by using pathways as prior knowledge. Previous methods summarized above can only be used to select one element in the sequence which can not be labeled without context information. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. Another group of approaches measure the classification uncertainty of a test example by how far the example is away from the classification boundary i.e. , classification margin 4  , 24  , 31. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. We prepare the training data and devise a classifier using a support vector machine based on features such as keywords in a tweet  , the number of words  , and the context of target-event words. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Each region is assigned a degree of coherence that is based on visual properties of the region including fonts  , colors and size. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Four popular visual descriptors  , tiny image  , color histogram  , GIST 6  , and CEDD 7  , and topic representation of user annotations 8 are extracted to represent the images in compact feature space. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. From the top 2500 result blog entries  , the top 100 blogs were identified according to the accumulated relevance score of the particular blog entries. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. We conducted experiments with the following additional multi-class classification approaches see 21  for more information about the methods: 32 have shown superb performance in binary classification tasks. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. Insertions into a plastic cochlea model have produced similar insertion forces and allowed us to identify cases of tip folding during PEA insertion. In the proposed system  , the bi will be the texturc feature set {3 i  ,i'} after texture extraction on the in­ put image and {+ 1  , -I} refers to edge and non-edge classes. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. with t elements and |D| possible tags for each element y i   , i = 1  , · · ·   , t  , the possible number of classes is |D| t . Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Given a pool of unlabeled sequences  , U = {s 1   , s 2   , ..  , s m }  , the goal of active learning in sequence labeling is to select the most valuable sequences from the pool. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. Furthermore we could show that it is possible to predict the expected action based on our spatial features whereby we found that the distance measures are the most influential values. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. This paper investigates the performance of support vector machine for Australian forex forecasting in terms of kernel type and sensitivity of free parameters selection. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. To obtain an upper bound  , we classify the documents directly using bag-of-words features from the text  , which should perform better than transforming the text into a visualization. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. Our framework is built upon support vector machine  , which has been widely used to analyze OSNs in many areas 11  , 12  , such as business  , transportation  , and anomaly intrusion detection . For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. If the copy sent to the crawler contains more than a threshold of links that don't exist in the copy sent to the browser  , we mark it as a candidate and send it to the second step. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Another interesting fact to note is that Support Vector Machine is virtually non-existent in the collection until 1997  , according to ACM repository. The classifier was trained on the Blog06 text collection first  , and then applied to the posts in the Blog08 text collection to estimate the probability of each post being relevant to the query. Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. Therefore  , we can conclude that 2500 examples are sufficient to leverage the proposed semantic similarity measure. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. The focus of our paper is on the problem of linking sentiment expressions to the mentions they target. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. The elements are encoded using only two word types: the tokens spanning the phrase to be predicted are encoded with 1s and all the others with 0s. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. an MS-Word document. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. WE metrics using GloV e 4. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. 6.1 for details on the configuration of each tested model. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. , 2010. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. This effectively pushes the embeddings for the text words and the code tokens towards each other: if wt is a word embedding and w k is a token embedding  , both with the same norm  , the logistic sigmoid in Equation 1 is maximized when w k = wt. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. The final model called BWE Skip-gram BWESG then relies on the monolingual variant of the skip-gram model trained on these shuffled pseudo-bilingual documents. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. The word distribution of each topic reveals different themes underlying a corpus while the topic distribution θ d of a document characterizes the themes the document is associated with. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. In this section we present our distributional approach in detail. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. Our proposed models further improve upon the Baseline  , Multi-task. In future work  , we plan to investigate the utility of the two-vocabulary setting when training with both SE and NL corpora. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. This is because we aim to compare the word embeddings with different approaches instead of finding the best method for document embeddings. For example  , the context around Obama during elections is quite different from the context for presidential speech or international visit. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Note that these events are not necessarily represented by a single sentence in Wikipedia. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Given is a document-aligned comparable corpus in two languages LS and LT with vocabularies V S and V T . Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. Therefore  , feature learning is an alternative way to learn discriminative features automatically from data. This is also our ongoing work. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space. 29 further proposed models that can be trained on large scale datasets and extended the vector representations to phrases 30.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. We here discuss the design implications of our initial observations of the HCW prototype. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. Second  , term similarity with respect to the expertise domain is encoded in latent word features. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. The performance of our model is on the par with the STRUCT model 27. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. The words that are highly relevant to the topic are then selected  , and their semantically related words are extracted and promoted by using the GPU model 18. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. However  , these subjective evaluations do not tell whether and how word similarities can be used in solving IR tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. This goal is achieved with the use of Wikipedia. Computational infeasibility caused by using one-hot representation is alleviated by handling data on GPU efficiently.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. For example  , a sentence Q = w1  , w2  , w3  , ..  , wn will be transformed into a sentence matrix M ∈ R n×m where n is the length of sentence and m is the dimensionality of vector representation. Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. By using feature-level correlation of a query rather than exact words and its corresponding representations  , the proposed approach provides a new perspective to model intentions   , which differentiates itself from previous text classification tasks in essence. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. We use three types of coherence metrics for Twitter data based on PMI and LSA  , and Word Embeddings WE  , which are instantiated into 12 metrics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors. In their follow-up work 4  , the authors proposed an incremental model by jointly learning the word embeddings along with its document embedding.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work to focus on this problem. In our work we make use of this property by deeming two words to be lexical paraphrases if the cosine similarity between their word embeddings is sufficiently high. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. , the representations for the English word school and the Spanish word escuela should be very similar. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. , 2010  , and further  , they can be efficiently trained on massive corpora. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. , English or language LT e.g. , Dutch. Since our new BWESG model learns to represent words from two different languages in the same shared cross-lingual embedding space  , we may use exactly the same modeling approach to monolingual and cross-lingual information retrieval. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. An alternative to embedding document priors into the retrieval system's similarity metric is to augment the query to include terms that might appear in documents that have higher prior probability of relevance. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. This retrieval is done efficiently by first identifying the closest cluster and then comparing v only to the small subset of descriptors in the cluster. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. As part of the Accelerate and Create task  , we also describe an exploratory tool for efficient and intuitive visualization of large streams. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We got 45% of the questions answered with greater than 0.7 cosine similarity measure. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. A PSbased training system includes a number of PS shards that store model parameters and a number of clients that read different portions of the training data from a distributed file system e.g. , Hadoop Distributed File System. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. In this work  , we make use of both embedding types in form of entity embeddings Word2Vec and entity-context embeddings Doc2Vec to improve entity disambiguation . The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. The first is through the G-Portal Viewer in which a user can select from a list of previously registered contexts to visit. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The above formula is obtained by just assuming that the probability that an instance is positive is equal to the product of probability  , Pr+|F a Pr+|Ea. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Besides  , since the relationship between the classes and topics is underlying   , we use the indexing variable y to indicate the latent structure between them. As stated above  , local sequential features extracted by HRM is not capable enough to model relations among apart baskets  , while a recurrent operation of a deep RNN architecture can capture global sequential features from all baskets of a user. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. BWESG induces a shared cross-lingual embedding vector space in which words  , queries  , and documents may be presented in a uniform way as dense real-valued vectors. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . , w |N d | }  , where |N d | denotes the length of the document d expressed by the number of word tokens. Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. The full collection consists of over a billion web pages  , while the English-language subset is comprised of 503 ,898 ,901 pages. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. In all experiments we used cosine distance to measure the closeness of two vectors either document or word vectors in the common low-dimensional embedding space. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Owing to its simplicity and effectiveness  , CCA has been widely applied to the crossmodal retrieval 7  , face recognition 21 and word embedding 8  , 9. Second  , we assess the extent to which the topical preferences emanating from the 12 metrics align with human assessments. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. This is not surprising  , as a high second-order proximity implies that two words can be replaced in the same context  , which is a stronger indicator of similar semantics than first-order co-occurrences. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to propose such a solution. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. All that the user needs to specify in invoking this procedure is the name of the file containing the data and the context word by which the paragraphs are to be selected. Mathematically   , given a sequence of training words w1  , w2  , ..  , wT   , the goal of Skip-gram model is to maximize the log probability While soft matching for retrieval was studied before  , this is the first time it is applied in the CQA vertical search scenario. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. Then  , the variable sizes of word embedding sets will be aggregated into a fixed length vector  , Fisher Vector FV  , based on the Fisher kernel framework 27. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. Through table lookup  , the ith text segment d i can be represented by ewi = {ewij  , 1 ≤ j ≤ Ni}  , where ew ij is the word embedding of wij. The output of each model the top ten most similar results for each test question were manually labelled as relevant or not and this was used to calculate the evaluation statistics. Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. , 14  , 11  , in this paper we also focus on the induction of bilingual word embeddings BWEs  , and show how to use BWEs in cross-lingual information retrieval tasks. Knowing the long-standing and firm relationship between vector space models  , semantics modeling and IR 37  , 16  , one goal of this paper is to establish a new link between the recent text representation learning methodology based on word embeddings and modeling in information retrieval  , with the focus on the fundamental ad-hoc retrieval task. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. , operating with only one language instead of two  , which results in a unified WE-based framework for monolingual and cross-lingual IR. To address the shortcomings of the existing state-of-theart methods for query rewriting  , we propose to take a rad-ically new approach to this task  , motivated by the recent success of distributed language models in NLP applications 31  , 38. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Given a word w i   , the context words are the words appearing to the left or right of w i within a window of size m. We define the set of active regions A = {r  , MAIN} where MAIN is a placeholder location corresponding to the global embedding and is always included in the set of active regions. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Recently  , lexical semantic similarity between terms via distributed representations  , such as word2vec 23  , was found helpful in several IR tasks  , including query term weighting 43 and as features in a LTR framework for answer retrieval 10. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. There are  , however  , important differences. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Dijkstra makes this observation in his famous letter on the GOTO statement  , Dijkstra 69 observing that computer programs are static entities and are thus easier for human minds to comprehend  , while program executions are dynamic and far harder to comprehend and reason about effectively. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Channels and variables may either be local or global. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. The first  , an optimistic heuristic  , assumes that all possible matches in the sequences are made regardless of their order in the sequence. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. During the ARA* search  , the costs for applying a motion primitive correspond to the length of the trajectory and additionally depend on the proximity to obstacles. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. Well known works by Dijkstra DIJK72  , Wirth WIRT 71  , Gries GRIE 73 and others have assessed the usefulness of deriving a program in a hierarchical way. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. We selected Prevayler because it was used as a case study for an aspect-oriented refactoring method by Godil  , Zhang  , and Jacobsen 1428. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. The heuristic for a state x  , y  , ✓ of the robot is then the Dijkstra distance from the cell x  , y to the goal. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The way to avoid an obstacle differs in two figures  , and these motions can be used as motion can- didates. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. The former caters for controlled access to shared resources. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. The problem of N-Queens involves placing N queens on an N × N chess board so that no queen can take any of the others. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. As an illustration of the power of these ideas  , as applied to Software Engineering  , we can look at specification based testing and quickly see how this framework illuminates our discussions of testing. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. Marking is done according to Definition 2. It then receives the results of the simulation and creates a final cost to be passed back to the BG module based on rules for combining the output of the individual KD overlays. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. l'm afraid that this particular problem will be a long time in going away. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. Intuitively  , the weakest assumption can be related to the notion of a weakest precondition as given by Dijkstra 12 . We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. When the search is " stuck "   , DMHA* randomly samples a state in the vicinity of the local minimum such that the sampled state has a smaller baseline heuristic than the local minimum state. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. Algebraic specification approaches such as OBJ 6 and Larch 7 and input/output predicate approaches such as Hoare 10  , Alphard 29  , Dijkstra 3  , and Anna 15 represent some of the ways in which a system builder might describe the semantics of system objects. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. This reasoning led Dijkstra and others to advocate the notions Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. With k = 100 and r = 5 the PLT approach underperforms only slightly in terms of accuracy  , yet requires 10 times less space and 5 times less time per query. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. There is no published empirical proof that the programming technique of systematic software reuse reduces program development time  , duration  , cost  , skill-requirements  , or defect-density on any practicalscale project &lo  , 11 ,211. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. Section 4 closes the paper with a critical evaluation of the system in light of the claims made in Cohen/Jefferson 75 and the goals cited in Section 2. However  , an additional and ultimately more important reason for skyrocketing software costs arises from the fact that current large software systems are much more complex by any measure of complexity than the systems being developed 25 years ago or even ten years ago. The second component is a set of queries that might reasonably be applied to that collection. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. if we are linding shortest distance between points that are farther apgt the effort ratio will be considerably less than 1 and there would be substantial speed UP- Thus  , the ratio of effort in tinding shortest distance between two points p r and p  ? , using our procedme compared to Dijkstra  , is OS% p&Q. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. , at the University of California Lampson/Sturgis 76  , Cambridge Needham 72  , RA/LABORiA Ferrie 76  , Plessey Telecommunications England 74  , SRI Robinson 75  , and others at Carnegie-Mellon University Habermann 76  , Jones 77  , and in the continuing work on the Multics system Schroeder 77. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Lin et al. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Acknowledgments. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. We plan to study these issues in the near future. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. By probing multiple hash buckets per table  , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. 2015. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. This work could be extended in several directions. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. , see 16 . These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. , 19  , 26  , 33. To evaluate the ability of generative models  , we numerically compared the models by computing test-set perplexity PPX. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. On average   , each query-based user profile contains 21.2 keywords  , while each browsing-based profile contains 137.4 keywords based on 15 days of behavioral data. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. Second  , poor or no data preparation is likely to lead to an incomplete and inaccurate data representation space  , which is spanned by variables and realizations used in the modeling step. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. Many predictive modeling tasks include missing data that can be acquired at a cost  , such as customers' buying preferences and lifestyle information that can be obtained through an intermediary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Experimental results show that both URM and UCM significantly outperform all the baselines in terms of the quality of distilled topics  , model precision  , and predictive power. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Three main design considerations in a predictive display are: How to model the tele-operation system for the prediction. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. We will now describe a method for modeling the low-level signal exchange in interaction using simple predictive models . Clearly more sophisticated models of this sort may be more realistic than the one we have studied  , and may also yield somewhat different quantitative bounds to prediction. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. The next step in our experimental plan is to use schemas such as our detailed ones for blog sevice users and bioinformatics information and computational grid users Hs05 to learn a richer predictive model. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. We propose a novel supervised joint aspect and sentiment model SJASM  , which is a probabilistic topic modeling framework that jointly detects aspects and sentiments from reviews under the supervision of the helpfulness voting data. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Mark's recent work has focused on making information retrieval evaluation more predictive of actual human search performance. Author expertise and venue impact are the distinguishing factors for the consideration of bibliography  , among which  , Author Rank  , Maximum Past Influence of Authors make paper influential . Discovering the hidden knowledge within EHR data for improving patient care offers an important approach to reduce these costs by recognizing at-risk patients who may be aided from targeted interventions and disease prevention treatments 5. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. For nurse experience  , a nurse with at least two years of experience in her current position was considered to be an experienced nurse  , and the nurses with less than two years' experience to be inexperienced. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. In this section  , we compare individual vs. segmentation and aggregate vs. segmentation levels of customer modeling. It is therefore clearly misleading to cite performance on " easy " cases as evidence that more challenging outcomes are equally predictable; yet precisely such conflation is prac- 1 ticed routinely by advocates of various methods  , albeit often implicitly through the use of rhetorical flourishes and other imprecise language. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. This bound is relatively generous for worlds in which all products are the same  , but it becomes increasingly restrictive as we consider more diverse worlds with products of varying quality. Such normalization does not always make sense for binary and integer features  , and it also removes the nonnegativity of our feature representation that offers intuitive interpretation of them. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. Modeling the preferences of new users can be done most effectively by asking them to rate several carefully selected items of a seed set during a short interview 13  , 21  , 22  , 8 . However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. Their goal is to provide a ranking of the relative importance of various fundability determinants  , rather than providing a predictive model. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. Despite the rich literature on Twitter and its role in covering real-world events  , to date  , we are aware of little research that directly addresses the issue studied in this paper. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , in terms of purity and precision. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. 0.25  , which are defined by experiences. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Specifically  , feature descriptors that enable similarity search are automatically extracted. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. CH3COOH . The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. In particular  , we demonstrate the search functions through three main search scenarios: service registration  , simple similarity search  , and advanced similarity search. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Advanced Similarity Search. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. We have demonstrated that our implementation allows for interactive-time similarity search  , even over relatively large collections. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The ranking function is given as We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. 2. an automatic search was then done by similarity of concepts with query and narrative fields just copied into the search mask. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Jing et al. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. SIREN implements five similarity operators. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . the binding pro- cess. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. For example   , Sahami et al. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Jaccard similarity is 0. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. this scenario  , ServiceXplorer handles the similarity search of Web services by using EMD as the underlying similarity distance only. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. 7.5. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. query-term overlap and search result similarity. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Data page size is 4096 bytes. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. We mainly focus on similarity search for numerical distribution data to describe our approach. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. Full text indexes where associated to textual descriptive fields  , similarity search index where associated with elements containing MPEG-7 image key frames features  , and other value indexes where associated with frequently searched elements . However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Interested readers are referred to 2. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Holmes et al. by similarity to a single selected document. Daffodil also allows users to order search result sets in unorthodox ways – e.g. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In previous work 37  , Zhou et al. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. 2012 In the domain of online search  , several studies considered the temporal aspect of search engine queries. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Finally  , there is also a search engine  , XXL  , employing an ontology similarity measure for retrieving semistructured data semantically 33. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. , 8. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. , weighted Jaccard similarity . Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. Using such data presentation i.e. , and   , we can apply the vector space model and cosine similarity for Type-3 similarity search. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. It would also be interesting to combine semantic hashing and distributed computing e.g. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Larger as well as more heterogeneous search results suggest increased focus on a clear and well-arranged presentation of the results  , which also means increased focus on good ranking and on some kind of similarity grouping. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. , color information. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. , it carries out a similarity search 7. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In recent years  , the large amounts of data available on the web has made effective similarity search and retrieval an important problem. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. We use cosine similarity as a distance measure and calculate the average pairwise cosine similarity of the documents bookmarked Ds by a subject s: The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. We discuss three issues in this section. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . After representing each query as a topic distribution  , we can compute topic similarity between query pairs Qx and Qy by Histogram Intersection 32: Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The implemented similarity search system tremendously extends the accessibility to the data in a flexible and precise way. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Results are presented in Figure  12. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. By doing so  , each search engine has a SEIF score  , which is independent with queries or independent with the semantic similarity between query and results . The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. On an existing e-commerce system  , a query can retrieve a set of related products i.e. , the search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. For example  , Xiang et al. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. For scaling our similarity-search technique to massive document datasets we rely on the Min-Hashing technique . Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the future development of large scale similarity search systems. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Due to the similarities in UI  , estimating visibility on Reddit or Hacker News is very similar to estimating position bias in search results and search ad rankings. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. , normalized size of set intersections . Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. Compute domain similarity. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. Meanwhile. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. Wold et al. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. How to get the useful properties of time series data is an important problem. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. In Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. 11. Bing search engine. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. BLAST 123and FASTA 32 are are commonly used for similarity searching on biological sequences. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Rhythmic search is not possible.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . Our main contributions are summarized as follows: It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. At this point the search can stop. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. 256 colors in image databases . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. , similarity search. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. But the similarity is more substantive that this. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. We currently consider whole time series. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. 11 look at intent-aware query similarity for query recommendation. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. In the following  , we review each of these ideas separately. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. Our work is basically the other way around. Although the above measure SOi. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. It can save computational time and storage space. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. He et al. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. The key contributions of our work are: Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. 5  , 39. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. ads that do not appear in search sessions. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Section 7 concludes this paper. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. the GEMINI framework 9. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. Finally  , a similarity search query can be very subjective depending on a specific user in given situation. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Time sequences appear in various domains in modern database applications. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. We refer to their method as Zhou's method. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The best score is shown in bold face. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. their cosine similarity is almost zero. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. Mezaris et al. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. We formulated the time-dependent semantic similarity model into the format of kernel functions using the marginalized kernel technique  , which can discover the explicit and implicit semantic similarities effectively. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Instead of exploring similarity metrics used in existing entity search  , the procedure encourages interaction among multiple entities to seek for consensus that are useful for entity search. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. In Chemoinformatics and the field of graph databases  , to search for a chemical molecule  , the most common and simple method is the substructure search 25  , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructures. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Nevertheless  , if the complete exactness of results is not really necessary  , similarity search in a highdimensional space can be dramatically speeded up by using hash-based methods which are purposefully designed to approximately answer queries in virtually constant time 42. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. , 7  , 8  , 4 . Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. , the query. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. As a result of this the queries themselves are comparable in size to the documents in the collection. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. At eBay it's been proven that image-based information can be used to quantify image similarity  , which can be used to discern products with different visual appearances 2. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Here an article included in the Funk and Wagnalls encyclopedia is used as a search request  , and other related encyclopedia articles are retrieved in response to the query articles. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Some work combining geographic and temporal information extracted from documents for search and exploration tasks has been studied in 15  , 20 but without focusing on document similarity. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. , a metric. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Details on how the similarity function is actually calculated for the relevant documents may be found in  111. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The second set of issues involve data mining  , such as mining frequent substructures 6  , 11  , and similarity structure search 25  , 7  , 19  , 27   , which use some specific methods to measure the similarity of two patterns. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . For example  , the CORI resource selection approach for federated search 10  ranks corpora with respect to the query using a tf.idf-based similarity measure. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Udenalfil with its Nalkylated secondary amine side chain represents a top candidate for this kind of query see Figure 5. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. The contribution of this paper is to support content-based retrieval and explorative search in research data  , by proposing a novel data similarity notion that is particularly suited in a user-centered Digital Library context. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Finding them requires no change in the method of producing the self-similarity matrix  , but only a change in the direction of search – rising left to right rather than falling. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. As can be expected  , this helps to focus the search considerably. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. The reason for this is that no real definition of protein similarity exists; each scientist has a different idea of similarity depending on the protein structure and search outcome goal. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. Our contribution We propose a new model of similarity of time sequences that addresses the above concerns and present fast search techniques for discovering similar sequences. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. There are research works e.g. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. If they are not available  , the importance of textual similarity measures increases  , with Jaccard index being clearly preferred over Levenshtein distance. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. The pioneering work by Agrawal et al. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. We also address the efficient query answering issue. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Search history can go back as far as one month. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Li et al. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Generative model. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Pair Potentials. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The first assumption in 12 requires that The deviance is a comparative statistic. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: The likelihood function Eq. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. The likelihood function for the t observations is: likelihood function. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is This is illustrated in Figure 3. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. , laser range measurements  , the parameter likelihood function involves the definition of a sensor model. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. As the experiment progresses from Fig. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Here  , the likelihood function that we Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. The difference between orderings is much smaller for GMG/AKM than for Scalable EM. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. The likelihood can be written as a function of We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. , N . The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. First we calculate the function: The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. 6. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Results from this experiment appear in Figure 5. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The density function h for the ratings can be written as: The likelihood function is a statistical concept. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. If λ approaches to 1  , we rely heavily on the training data. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. where w denotes the combination weight vector. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. This model completely eliminates the problem of not rewarding term partitioning adequately  , that this paper has dealt with. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Considering Fig. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. In summary  , query likelihood model incorporating answers is able to yield better summarization performance when the vocabulary size of the answer collection is moderate . The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. In the context of user behaviors  , the perplexity is a monotonically increasing function of the joint probability of the sessions in the test set. Figure 1shows the log-likelihood and AIC values for all possible dimensionalities on three standard test collections. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. 11  , its updating can be got as Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. where N u denotes the friends of user u. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . We compute the values as follows: However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. We then factorize this probability as follows: the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. The estimates from two methods are very close. where Lθ; z is the likelihood function  , θ is the parameter vector  , z is the transformed document length and y represents the unobserved data. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. We compute the segment association function ζ 1 with help of the likelihood L s j | z i . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Figure 12shows an example. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. reduction of error  , e.g. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. 4 i.e. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. The un-normalized likelihood difference is calculated by ΔθF = θF Y  − θF Y   , where F Y  is the exponent component of Eq. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. It is thus important to know the confidence associated with these values. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We describe different ways to represent the diversity score. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. Our description offLik is heavily influenced by a similar statistical test based on the loglikelihood ratio described by Dunning  5  . Note that the parameters θz|d  , γz|u and φw|z are probability values and thus we have the constraints of Equations Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The likelihood function pzt | g −1 i yit  can be any reasonable choice for comparing the hypothesized observations from a latent space particle and the sensor observations. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Using Equation 2 we define the information content of our final set of N chosen constraint as the increase in likelihood due to the new expected values after all the N constraints have been applied to the data. Table 3shows these results. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Mukhopadyay et al. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. In our approach  , we assign to each object in the seedlist not a single reachability value but a fuzzy object reachability function. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. It extracted topics based on a pre-defined topic similarity function  , which considered both semantic similarity and mission similarity. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Next  , we consider a quality-based model  , where the likelihood of consuming item e is proportional to a per-item quality score se. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Beam models calculate the likelihoods by simulating the way rays of light travel through the environment. We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The variational parameters learned in this step 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. , ridge regularization. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Telang et al. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The final sensor providing relative measurements is the stopline sensor  , which measures the distance to any stopline visible within its camera's field of view. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The physical motivation for this inclusion is as follows: a deposition rate function has a spread that is typically small compared to the actual area that is to be covered . The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. the initiating events from Fig- ure 2 . The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Our Three Part Coding TPC approach uses a Minimum Description Length MDL 7 based coding scheme  , which we explain in the next section  , to specify another penalized likelihood method. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. , version of the operating system. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. , 2004. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. In this paper  , we propose a novel objective function in the graph regularization framework to exploit the annotations on the edges. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The very small p-value of the likelihood ratio statistic confirms that the heteroscedastic model explains the data significantly better than the homoscedastic model. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. , an " uninformative " prior. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. Which is reasonable  , since the ghost-detections introduce a unique characteristic to the associated poses  , and thus seem to make up for the uncertainty by supplying additional information. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. for some nonnegative function T . As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. First come the locations with the highest confidence—that is  , the likelihood that further changes be applied to the given location. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. In the risk minimization framework presented in 4  , documents are ranked based on the following risk function: where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. , section 3.1  , is large. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In this case since the object has been detected once from its non-confusion side  , the probability of o 1 being of class c 1 is now much higher and the orientation estimate is now nonambiguous with φ 1 ≈ 258  as shown in Figure 11. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. It may be assumed that training points representing collision-free solutions would be generated with conservative sizes of the representative polytopes in the problem at hand. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. , to ensure QΨn+1; Ψn ≥ QΨn; Ψn. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. These parts tend to be shorter. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. In this representation   , even though  , the GA might come up with two fit individuals with two competing conventions  , the genetic operators such aa crossover  , will not yield fitter individuals. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. , when N is large. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The Moby simulation library uses the introduced approach to simulate resting contact for Newton  , Mirtich  , Anitescu- Potra  , and convex optimization based impact models among others. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. , to edit them. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. Our results lead us to conclude that parameter settings can indeed have a large impact on the performance of defect prediction models  , suggesting that researchers should experiment with the parameters of the classification techniques . The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. It is no surprise that the speedup of PRIX over due to the use of a full index  , ToXinSca dups depe the query. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. T h e P C M framework has the advantage that it allows a variety of optimization criteria t o be expressed in a unified manner so that the optimal sensorbased plan can be generated for interception. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . This work explores and validates the architecture by means of an autonomic data center prototype called Unity that employs three design patterns: a selfconfiguration design pattern for goal-driven self assembly  , a selfhealing design pattern that employs sentinels and a simple cluster re-generation strategy  , and a self-optimization design pattern that uses utility functions to express high-level objectives. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Type II error. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. , 11 . Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. , <formula>  On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , statistical charts. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. This is basically a random search combined with the heuristic: spreading out the contacts produces better quality grasps. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. In this implementation the robots initially search the environment to find goal B by random exploration. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. Without any learning module  , Random Walk is presumably neither efficient nor effective. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. We are comparing our proposed methods with five different competitor strategies. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. onto the basic PRM scheme 18. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Models & Parameters. This is actually a one-step random walk in search log 13. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. One aspect of sample-based methods that has not been studied so far is the effect of the particular random sample in the CSI on the search effectiveness. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. Some queries returned fewer than 500 search results. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. It shows worse results on random and tail. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. In this paper we examined the Fulltext Search Profiling. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. A-SMFO has very nice properties. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Then  , why does genetic programming  , a fitness evaluation directed search  , perform worse than a purely random search in our experiment ? Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. However  , Andrea Arcuri and Lionel Briand found that GenProg often searched valid patches in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts to work. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. Request permissions from Permissions@acm.org. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Search US query logs in February 2007. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! The experimental results are in Table 1. Among the search strategies vided by Crest  , we chose the random branch strategy. The project commenced as usual with Losey beginning Step Two  , Multimodal Search Reviews. Enumerative search techniques are very inefficient as the search space becomes too large to explore. Participants could identify interesting pages in one of two ways. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Gradient descent resumes from the state at which the random walk terminates. Random-based techniques generate tests by randomly assembling method calls into concurrent tests. These efforts can be broadly divided in two categories: random-based 38  , 43 and search-based 56. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. In this experiment  , we start from the same seed set of N identified criminal accounts   , which are randomly selected from 2 ,060 identified criminal accounts. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. CA is a search procedure that uses random choices as a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. When variables' ordering is unknown  , one may generate many random orderings  , use K2 to learn structures  , and select the best ones 7. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. 1 A large numbers of various samples are placed on the working area at random. GA is a search procedure that uses random choices 8 a guide tool through a coding in the parameter space 9-131. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. In addition  , in this paper we focus only on the comparison between random search and genetic programming  , in our future work we plan to study random search with the comparison on other repair techniques such as 12  , 5  , 28. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. As described in 29  , this scheme enables a privacy-preserving cryptographic search for the key  , since it does not reveal the plaintext P to any entity that is involved in the cryptographic search. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. This indicates that the proposed approach indeed improves the quality of academic search. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. However  , it incurs the overhead of a larger number of random accesses. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. The sparse utilization of the extremely large ID space makes it infeasible to identify random users by generating random IDs. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . Recent work by Godefroid et al 11  , 25 explores DART  , a symbolic execution approach that integrates random input generation. Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. Secondly  , we examined the use of random walks on query graphs for formulating query history as search queries. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. However   , as the number of robot DOFs increases  , the set of assembly configurations may become factorially large and the exhaustive search becomes undesirable. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. 8 suggests a random search technique combined with bitmap based representation and numerical potential fields for developing motion planners for many DOF manipulator arms. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. Just as h ~ m a n fingers explore objects in non-random patterns , This resulted in a total of 176 query templates. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. From the week-long sample of search sessions described in Section 3.1  , we generate a dataset for our re-ranking experiments. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. We have confirmed this expectation by running the MAY × MUST configuration with different exploration strategies on 20 methods for which exploration bounds were reached. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. Similarly  , compared to our random sample  , hijacking disproportionately impacts lowly-ranked pages. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Our approach assumes that each academic search engine samples the Web independently for papers and contains a subset of available documents. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. Also the ranking function space consists of an infinite number of elements  , which makes it impossible to get the " optimal " point for random search and exhaustive search. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. RND just picks solutions at random and returns the best one. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . It is up to the search strategy to keep some or all of them LVGl. In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. A rotation was assigned to each participant in a random order. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. We constructed a meta-search interface that searched both systems and combined the results on a single page. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. Here one comparitor searches for S. SNAME. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. We make this exploration tractable by reducing the search space to a random subsample of the available queries. The second view is to use labels or tags based on clusters as an alternative classification scheme. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. The random walk sampler used a burn-in period of 1 ,000 steps. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. Balmin et al. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. Minkov et al. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. They were also given instructions on completing the dual task. We had a collection of 973948 messages from the Microsoft.public. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. Human computation systems have become an increasingly popular platform for distributing tasks  , including search relevance judgments. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. 2014. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. Fig. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. 8  , populated by the objects we measured. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. Moreover Cove et al. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Rare queries are those difficult tail queries in search engines that appeared very few times. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . Mimic 15 aims to synthesize models that perform the same computations as opaque or obfuscated Javascript code. 12 mobile search query logs. Normalized pointwise mutual information npmi was computed over token bigrams appearing in a random sample from the Yahoo! First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. For every search result from SERPs we collected two variants of bad snippets. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. Other hyper-parameters for these methods were optimized through random search 41. In fact  , f describes quantitatively the goal of prioritization  , such as increasing After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. Figure 2a shows concolic testing. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. Finally  , we consider the effects of the parameters available in each technique. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. The search performs the same initialization as R*. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Caching techniques should now target to minimize both random reads and sequential reads. Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. As expected  , Random performs worst. Fuzzy-fingerprinting FF is a hash-based search method specifically designed for text-based information retrieval. , ρ l of random vectors. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. Conventional applications of GA- Fuzzy suggest a random initial popultion. After that search is carried out among this population. These strings are represented by a random number as an initial population. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. More isolated " true " examples contribute to its fitness value. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. First  , among others  , Gini et al. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. The interleaving of random testing and concolic execution thus uses both the capacity of random testing to inexpensively generate deep program states through long program executions and the capability of concolic testing to exhaustively and symbolically search for new paths with a limited looka- head. 20 shows that for these parameters the search space for a tree is very large and the problem is essentially a needle-in-a-haystack problem. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. Then  , if the search task did not end  , it is followed by another possibly related/refined query to the search engine. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. Then  , they considers this new document for a random time and moves  , independently  , to a third relevant document and so on. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. We formalized the frontier prioritization problem as a search-centric optimization problem  , where the objective is to maximize the impact of the crawled collection on the result quality of the search engine. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. The capability t o guarantee that a point in the workspace is reachable in any orientation despite joint limits is unique t o this work. It is important to note that some web archives including the Internet Archive do not provide fulltext search  , hence this approach is not applicable for them. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. Users often visit online forums and search using the functionality provided on these web sites. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. As advocated in 3  our proposed method for correspondence search first constrains the search region and then performs an appearance based search therein. Answering this question is not easy in practice  , because we cannot prevent users from using search engines in order to observe the popularity evolution when search engines do not exist. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! In Figure 7random-surfer model  , it took less than 25 time units for the page to obtain popularity one  , but in Figure 10search-dominant model  , it took 1650 time units! Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. The index structures allowed unique values only  , thus  , each insert operation involved a search to ensure that the item was not already there. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Section 5.1 introduces the query types we identified for people search; in Section 5.2 we explore session types in people search and in Section 5.3 we propose different types of users of people search engines. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. Participants were given ten minutes to complete an instructional planning task; one task was used for each of three search tools: Google.com; NSDL Keyword Search  , and NSDL Science Literacy Maps. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. A multi-heuristic search method is proposed in 7  , that generates dynamic subgoals when the search is trapped in a local minimum. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. We show the number of states explored by the default search and indicate if the search completed  √   , timed out TO or ran out of memory OM. A document to n-gram index allows finding all ngrams that occur in a search result a list of documents. of document pairs for which a re-ranking method reverses the orders by the search engine  , over all the document pairs from the test sessions. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. The idea of automatically detecting local minima and guiding the search away from them has been explored in the past. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. We also generated random dummy clicks for the cover queries with the same expectation of the number of clicks in true queries so that search engines will not have explicit signal to recognize them. After that  , we detected users  , who had at least one switch from the search engine to other search engines in a given period. However  , using the Web as the corpus the proposed search-result-based approach χ2+CV achieved 46% top-1 inclusion rate for popular Web queries 58% in the top-5 and 40% top-1 inclusion rate for random Web queries 60% in the top-5. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . Starting with a random population and after all generations have been breed  , the population fitness best and mean have been improved for the TGA figure 7 left. The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. Obviously  , TA-random is more effective in pruning the index scans  , but TAsorted avoids expensive random accesses. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. The danger in the tabular approach is that it opens the search space further  , but the generality is worth the risk. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Observe that the minimum staleness level achievable on the random data set is much higher than on the high-quality data set. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. If the index is in random order  , rather than in decreasing static rank order  , ranking regular searches  " topk "  is very expensive since no branch-and-bound optimization can be used. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. al introduced a parameter-free random walk model for query suggestion. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. Every inconsistently judged duplicate can be seen as a random element within the set of relevance judgments  , and will have the same value as random data when used in evaluation. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Thus  , our implementations of both the random and chaining techniques supported both of these scenarios  , and our empirical studies investigated the techniques with and without range information. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. , on average 9.9 cm/sec and 13.3 cm/sec respectively for the millipede-3 robot. We  , observe that the learning strategy is able to find significantly better than random gaits for the different robots. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. The results of the explorations can be found in Figure 3. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. During test case generation  , choosing transitions and input signals was performed at random. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . random query selection followed by random document selection for each query. The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. Half received MDS first and half received random first  , and within a condition  , the searches were given in a random order. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. Davison pioneered a study 13 over about 100 ,000 pages sampled from the repository of a research search engine called DiscoWeb. These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. However  , this definition does not account for dangling nodes i.e. , nodes without any outgoing edges – which are shown to form a significant portion of the Web graph crawled by search engines 4. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. A viable solution must reconcile local scorings for content search conditions  , score aggregation  , and path conditions. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. We compared our ranking methods over a random sample of 3 ,000 queries from the search engine query logs. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. In other words  , despite the fact that clicked and viewed pages in the downloaded page set constitute a small fraction of this set  , these pages are promising sources for discovering new pages frontier with high search impact. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. For the restart probability of random walks  , it is interesting to find that a larger one is preferred and we set it as 0.9 in LINKREC. However  , once it obtains a reasonable ranking in the search result  , it garners significantly more traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so its popularity increases very quickly as long as it is of high quality. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. We performed 5000 random searches using JPF version 3.1.2 on a cluster of dual-Opteron 250's running at 2.4 GHz with 16GB of memory and running Fedora Core 3 Linux. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. Support for some music information behaviors may be achieved by borrowing from related techniques supporting exploration of textual or visual documents. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Similarly to the session graph  , the random walk is performed for n steps away from the starting node: At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. The random access address of the ancestor mark bit can be saved for reference until the successor is searched later in the sequence. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. This is an extremely low number for example  , for test data generation in branch coverage it is often the case of using 100 ,000 fitness evaluations for each branch 26 and we can conclude that there is very limited search taking place  , which implies that a random search would have likely yielded similar results. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. To determine the fraction of the design space containing feasible solutions  , a random search has been executed; an exhaustive search is impossible due to the size of the search space. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. Random wa l k i s a n a p p r o ximation technique of searching only a portion of the reachable nodes on the execution tree. One scenario is that no range information is available. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. In this sense  , the distance distribution of suitable folksonomies are closer to the homophilous folksonomy than to the random one. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. This result is reasonable. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . Object information discovery can take place either via random surfing i.e. The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. The use of keywords limits the search to files that might be relevant. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Our experiments exposed three previously unknown bugs  , two of which were already fixed. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. In particular  , the ordering structure in the parameter setting is revealed clearly by LHS. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. If the effective relative access rate is lower than random  , it means that the links with this quality discourage user from accessing them. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. The results coincide with those of other  , similar studies SwaSl. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. A random subsequence was chosen from the dataset to act as the query  , and the remaining 1023 sequences acted as the data. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. The Stream Set data is extracted from the streaming API using a method based on 2. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. Overall  , we retrieved Wikipedia documents for 490/500 regular selections and 299/300 random selections. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. Our focus in this work is on evaluating search engines as they are used in practice. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. This is illustrated with some simulation results. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. Starting from a given initial query  , a subgraph is extracted from the Query- URL bipartite using depth first search. The original motivation of this work was to build an effective ranking function for usenet searches involving queries relevant to Microsoft products. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. Supposing a collection with N documents  , we capture it k times by searching k random queries through its search interface. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. With the same  , light load on a Spare IPC  , the speed of CONTIGUOUS is 35% of the speed of FCHAIN. To make the subjects carefully examine each restaurant instance  , we asked subjects to find a couple of restaurants they wanted to visit. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Barraquand and Latombe 901 have used random search techniques to overcome the problem of high dimensionality . Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. The planner selects the candidate for the subgoal  , at random in the search space defined around &nd see dashed circle in Fig.3. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. The premature convergence problem of EAs is caused by the lack of diversityl . Results are given for a 3D task and compared to the random search. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Next  , the constrained convolutional policy was compared with an ad-hoc policy on different grid-sizes. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Each step of the search issues two successive calls t o a random number generator. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. The amoeba simplex optimization technique 9 was used to modify the controller parameters and guide the search for optima. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. PROCLUS 1 and PreDeCon 4  , are also not considered here. When inspecting these metrics  , please note that the lowest precision is above 0.68  , an important fact for the federated search application. Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. In order to minimize experimenter bias during the selection of photos for the Search Task  , we had a computer randomly select the photos from each subject's collection. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. 4A simple DF*ICF database selection method performs as well as the CORI method. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. Providing effective navigation and search tools for digital content is an advantage of digital libraries versus conventional libraries. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. This is the measure we use in this paper which we refer to as RankMass. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. This experiment used three kinds of index  , 1 Dissimilarity: the cost of search using index structures chosen by the dissimilarity function. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. We use the following model for mixed surfing and searching: If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. Such systems typically work by using an image example to initiate the search. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. As document collection we used a random sample of 2 million questions and their best answers from Yahoo Answers. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. DBGD is stopped automatically after 40 ,000 iterations  , or if no improvement has been found after 20 random pertubations. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. The random selection was carried out 10 times independently  , and we report the average results. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. This uses a random search to cope with the high dimensionality of the control space. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. At search time  , the given ER query is matched in the graph and set as starting node see Section 3. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. In the future  , we plan to utilize such constructions in order to provide a completely automatic formula revision framework. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. Figure 8shows the percentage increase of the environment viewed as a function of the number of scans. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. But the use of random reflections has been limited to bouncing. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. Also note that we report the perplexity normalized by the total query length. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. Quality of implicit transcripts. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. Random-surfer model Section 4: We assume that Web users discover new pages purely by surfing randomly on the Web  , just following links. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. We then issued ½¼¼¼ queries selected at random from a publicly available trace of the Excite search engine  , starting with an empty cache. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. Another improvement is to use information contained in manual tests to further guide the search for fault-revealing inputs. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . A common example is when the search landscape of the addressed problem has trap-like regions 48. The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. The choice of which weight to update is made at random  , in an effort to avoid local minima in the search space  , but  The configurations usually converge well within 100 iterations . 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. , have a non-random date distribution 5 . The Sogou 2012 query log contains 42.17M search result clicks in total. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. Each participant was assigned to search three queries in a block with one system followed by three queries with the other system. a suite of state-of-the-art search techniques through a user-friendly interface. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. Our solution incorporates such constraints  , and provides a practical scheme to predict instantaneous motions. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. This is because on some runs the random walks help escape from dead ends in the search space more effectively than on other runs. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. GAS differ from gradient search methods mainly in the manner in which variables axe changed. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. The application of random techniques in trajectory design is also seen in 13 . If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. The heuristic strategy is first attempted between the original start and the original goal configuration. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. We can see that list materialization improved the search performance. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. We take a random sample of 2.5 million English tweets from this collection. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. The action that is chosen is determined by the weighted sum of the context features and a random component. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. From these configurations  , " rays " are s h o t . The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Sample points for the search are collected through random movement. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. or generated a statement that was vague or unclear e.g. , prompt: Can you say more about that ?. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. For each of these environments  , a robot faces with several strategies that are Aggregation  , Random search  , Dispersion  , and Homing. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. 101have been applied to test the contribution of the new optimal search directions. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. 'Slight errors' include wrongly encoded special characters or  , for instance  , the inclusion of single characters such as '*' at the end of the title. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. Another nice property is that it makes results reproducible. So exhaustively selecting a query that maximizes the expected utility is computationally very intensive and is infeasible for most interesting problems. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. We further present two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk for ranking different objects simultaneously. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. To model the navigation behavior of programmers  , we adopt the model of the random surfer that is used in popular search engines such as Google. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. Consequently  , random walks may assign undesirable large emission probabilities to queries and URLs generated by an irrelevant search intent. We limit random walks within two steps. Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. In the latter case  , a classifier is first trained on the initial editorial set. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. Similar to before  , users were asked to give a rating of the usefulness of each search result on a 5-point Likert scale. We restrict our evaluation to top 10 documents in this paper. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. Of the 1200 queries  , only 15 had different APs – and the reason was outside the AP system itself. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. In that event the gradient descent search can quickly descend toward a goal configuration. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. 26 combined query content information and click-through information and applied a density-based method to cluster queries. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. This value is the effect of the system used during the search  , plus random error. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. No instruction was provided on search tactics or vocabulary. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph.  Body-part names. To improve coverage  , we also include the synonyms of each symptom  , which are identified via a two-step random walk on the click-graph of a search engine 3. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. By sharing visual information  , the unobstructed robot immediately obtains a target location without requiring random search. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. Random search in such a space is hopeless. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. Thus  , it provides the first tractable method for search of grasp contacts on such input data. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. More interestingly  , the pages consisted of grammatically well-formed German sentences  , stitched together at random. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. To correct this effect  , we further issued a random sample of 118 queries to Google's search engine with site restriction to Yahoo! Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. This behavior indicates that selective search is more stable at the top of the ranking. We limit our study to queries that were submitted from the United States. 2015 of a major search engine  , from which we collected a random sample of 146M query log entries whose clicked URL belongs to the tumblr.com domain . As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. As a result  , suggestions provided by task-based methods can be treated as complementary to results from session-based and random walk approaches. External validity is concerned with generalization. In addition  , in the future we will investigate whether genetic programming has the advantage over random search on fixing bugs existing in multi files. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Under all these assumptions equation 2 can be rewritten as Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. , K − 1  , avoiding the binary search. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. The procedure repeatedly samples queries uniformly at random from the set of predicted queries pqueriesx. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. We observed a high variance in success rates between programs. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. The random testing phase of hybrid concolic testing can enter garbage text into the buffer easily thus enabling the line deletion command. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. For the Bitly sample  , random hash values were created and dereferenced until 1 ,000 target URIs were discovered. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. These are chosen at random  , unless any specific metric is given  , and have been shown to support users in their search 5. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. The search costs are the average costs of new clients. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. If the object is not found in the image  , however  , the Search behavior is activated. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. In 3  random walks are described on click graphs  , containing information about clicked URLs but not about user sessions. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. Selective search uses topical shards that are likely to differ in access rate. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. Thus we know that r 5 indeed contains a keyword similar to " grose "   , and can retrieve the corresponding prefix similarity. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Recall that x = 0 denotes pure search engine based surfing  , while x = 1 denotes pure random surfing. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Effectively  , students accessed 53 documents from different search results lists and out of these 53  , 16 were among the top 3 documents. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. It provides evidence that pages with visible group traffic are more attractive to students than top pages returned by the search engine. When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. If the heuristic is misleading then  , at some point  , every successor is worse than the current node. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. First  , given a relatively long publication title  , if we use exact string match  , search engines can hardly find any results. If speed is paid too much attention  , GA might be trapped in local minimal. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. To remove bias  , for each test we first warm-up the indices with 100 random searches. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. Clearly  , the samples produced by QBS are far from random . Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. In order to collect data representative of real searches  , we drew a random sample of 200 US English-language queries submitted to the Google search engine in mid-2006. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . The creation of the WePS Web People Search corpus consisted of the following steps: 1. We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. Specific keywords like: " robots + legs "   , " humanoid + robots " or " wheels + robots " were not used  , since they would have biased the sample of the search results. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. We present three topic models for simultaneously modeling papers  , authors  , and publication venues. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. Answer for RQ1: In our experiment  , for most programs 23/24  , random search used by RSRepair performs better in terms of requiring fewer patch trials to search a valid patch than genetic programming used by GenProg  , regardless of whether genetic programming really starts to work see Figure 1 or not. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. In the previous section  , we studied the popularity evolution of a page when users discover pages purely based on random surfing. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. In order to check how query execution time is affected by the semantics of the query i.e. , all-pairs or star and the type of interconnection index used  , we generated 1000 random queries for the Sigmod Record document . engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. Note that Equation 5 shows the relationship between a user's visits and her topic preference vector if the user follows the topic-driven random surfer model. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. Each participant was assigned a search task selected at random without replacement  , and asked to judge the suitability of various documents as starting points for this search task a within-subjects design. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. However  , if we let the search remain explorative  , it may reduce to a random search. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. , 2 messages per search in practice  , for all the RF'* dgorithms. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. For all other uses  , contact the owner/authors. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. Other studies on random mobile query streams indicate this e.g. , 12  , 6  , and we noticed similar patterns in the abandoned query streams we analyzed. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. Only few hash-based search methods have been developed so far  , in particular random projection  , locality-sensitive hashing  , and fuzzy-fingerprinting 20  , 18  , 11  , 26; they are discussed in greater detail in Subsection 2.3 and 2.4. In order to assess the quality of a search  , a popular method is to make a sample of search results for assessment. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. 11   , who have described the development of the Electronic Manipulus Florum project 4   , a digitized collection of Latin quotations  , as well as the Janus search engine that finds overlap between user query text and the Florum quotations despite the existence of complex variants. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Image search engines are not very precise   , and even images that are of the queried name and thus considered as good results for human consumption  , might be ill-suited for face recognition tasks. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. In the previous section  , we explained the main hypothesis of the search-dominant model  , Proposition 3  , that shows how visit popularity is related to the simple popularity. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Two annotators then assign each of these terms as relevant or not to UK- EU discussion and the relevant terms are used to search the wider random set to expand the topic specific set. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. Note that we refer to these as quality scores and not as relevance scores  , since they incorporate additional factors other than pure query relevance e.g. , distance. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. For users who did not transition to a condition at any point in their log data  , we used and subtracted a random number of days from 1−7 days from that data. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. The random replacement of duplicate attribute codes as well as the normal randomization of the original attributes necessitates a search for original descriptor/requestor attribute matches subsequent to bucket address decoding during retrieval operation. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. In our experiments  , when less than 10% of the hubs were located within the search scope  , no hub routing was involved so that federated search completely relied on initial hub selection to reach the hubs. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. , through typing and clicking. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. A recent logs-based comparison of search patterns across modalities examined the distribution and variability of tasks that users perform  , and suggested that search usage is much more focused for the average mobile user than for the average computer-based user 12. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. As mentioned above  , search engines do not produce a random result set. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. The topic model can be implemented in many other ways and the random walk can run in either an offline mode or an online mode. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. Therefore  , if we focus our attention only to this set of pages  , their relative popularity evolution will be similar to what our search-dominant model predicts. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. In this way  , it avoids expensive constraint solving to perform exhaustive search in some part of the state space. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. The distance between q and q' is the search resolution. This control gave users only the search panel and the player  " tape recorder "  component described above. The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. Since the signature patterns am generated by using the random number generator  , the distribution of l's and O's within the signatures is uniform. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. The effectiveness of the search behavior has an underlying dependence on the quality of the roadmap used by the agents. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. In this way the searcher has to fetch a page after every search attempt to search for the next word. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. , this is an exhaustive search not random testing. One of the receive transitions is chosen nondeterministically and the associated incoming message is returned. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Furthermore  , the search in OASIS is driven by a suffix tree  , which results in significant pruning of the search space. I are presented along with an exhaustive search  , in Figure 8and table 1. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. In particular  , we have conducted an experiment in which the subjects were asked to submit a number of random as well as predefined queries to the search engine of a digital library of teaching material through our prototype application . The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. The acquisition of open-domain knowledge relies on unstructured text available within a combination of Web documents maintained by  , and search queries submitted to the Google search engine. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. An inverted file is a collection of posting lists  , stored on a storage medium supporting random access. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Our result shows that search engines can have an immensely worrisome impact on new Web pages. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. This is not surprising for search problems 36  , because the search finishes as soon as one core finds the bug. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. A screenshot of the experiment application is shown in Figure 2: the title bar displays a single search query  , selected randomly from the collection. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. To establish an upper bound on our experimental results  , local search on full document text 2 was also conducted. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. The GA-FL approach is capable of reaching any possible solution from the search space  , as it can move across the search space in any direction. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. This is very different from what we do in this paper: our techniques do not propose any changes to current search engine architecture and do not rely on internal data of the search engine; moreover  , our goal is to sample from the whole index and not from the result set of a particular query. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. The intuition behind expanding according to the inverse uf is that among pages with similar IR scores  , pages with low uf are more likely to contain a short focused text fragment relevant to the query keywords. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. One suggestion was that the library could be divided into different areas: a study area to allow reading or browsing; b librarian area to make enquiries; c games area to play games; d dictionary area to search for meanings of words; and e actual library to search for books. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. We propagate the M ik = 1 entries as-is in W s   , but importantly  , set all M ik = 0 entries to a random number r in the range 0  , 1  , instead of 0. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. The dimensionality of the embedding space was set to d = 300  , the window size was set to 5 and the number or random negative samples per vector update was set to 5. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. Specifically  , Fig- ure 1shows that the cost of a random read is only about two times of a sequential read in SSD. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. We build a random walk over the heterogeneous multidimensional composite matrix in a non-rooted manner  , to find the overall importance or influence of the users in our forum corpus  , referred to as the AuthorityScore for the users in our corpus. This means that both documents are guaranteed to belong to the result set of a query consisting of the shared term/phrase. Because the small programs apparently contained no errors  , the comparison was in terms of coverage or rate of mutant killing 21  , not in terms of true error detection  , which is the best measure to evaluate test input generation techniques. While it is perhaps no surprise to the information retrieval community that active learning generally outperforms random training 22  , this result has not previously been demonstrated for the TAR Problem  , and is neither well known nor well accepted within the legal community. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. For example  , when the added latency was 750ms  , the likelihood of participants to feel the added latency was not different than random in case of SE slow   , but they were able to notice the added latency with much higher likelihood around 0.82 probability in case of SE fast . One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " Moving between the two activities may be awkward or disorienting  , making it difficult to maintain a sense of direction of focus. Once the minima are found for all objects to be placed  , the locations at which the real objects need to be placed by the robot are then given by the locations to which the object profiles have been moved. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. As can be seen in the table  , CnC detects all the errors found by JCrasher with only a fraction of the test cases except for UB-Stack  , where JCrasher found few opportunities to create random data conforming to the class's interface and slightly fewer reports. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. With a 4KB page size  , retrieving a document from the disk thus requires one random seek read and a few more sequential reads. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. The accuracy for content-based or performance-based methods was calculated over all the queries. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. Initial work on randomized motion planning exploited a potential field to drive the search for a path in the configuration space  , and combined gradient-based motions and random walks to escape local minima 3. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. The first heuristic called " search-near-goal " drives to the parking space that is closest to the target location and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion . Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. , it makes random choices  , each run converges to the same value for the objective function due to the reason that the selected termination criteria are sufficient. The optimization is implemented with MATLAB  , where the procedure is initialized with random start values within search spaces  , and a total of 20 independent runs are carried out on a personal computer. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. For each system and each search space configuration  , we compute over the 24 defects that have correct patches in the full SPR and Prophet search space 1 the total number of patches the developer reviews this number is the cost and 2 the total number of defects for which the developer obtains a correct patch this number is the payoff. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. In particular   , for an ambiguous query such as eclipse  , the search engine could either take the probability ranking principle approach of taking the " best guess " intent and showing the results  , or it could choose to present search results that maximize the probability of a user with a random intent finding at least one relevant document on the results page. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. For each English query  , the gold standard geographic location Latitude  , Longitude was obtained by majority consensus among multiple commercial location search engines  , namely  , Google Maps™  , Windows Live Local™  , and Yahoo Maps™  , or by manually locating it on a map. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . We present a simple path planning method called RRT-Connect that combines Rapidly-exploring Random Trees RRTs 18 with a simple greedy heuristic that aggressively tries to connect two trees  , one from the initial configuration and the other from the goal. There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. This basic paradigm makes many simplifying assumptions  , and in particular one might object that it is impossible for a user to choose a page uniformly at random or even to know what URLs there are to choose from. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. For this task  , we can use all features preceding the onset and also the features of the onset itself  , such as the condition type e.g. , serious illness or benign explanation  , the transition e.g. , escalation or non-escalation  , and the time taken to perform the transition . We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. This indicates that by modeling user interests  , initial hub selection based on the interest each query represented was much more effective in choosing the hubs that cover most relevant contents. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. On the other hand  , in 9 it is shown that a random query sample of 650 queries is sufficient to reliably estimate if a search engine is better than another search engine. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. Just indexing multimedia through text search engines is quite imprecise; in a random sample we took  , only 1.4% of the text on Web pages with images described those images. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. , 12  , 27  , but did not take into account the session-level search context and the individual user behavior. Another approach is to model random walk on the click graph 13  , which considers a series of interactions within a search page  , but not session-level context or behavior information. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. To infer these two measures for a newly discovered web page  , we exploit the observed click and view counts of its referring pages which were previously shown in search results. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Unlike TrimDroid  , these approaches focus on the construction of models for testing that are covered using a depth-first search strategy for generation of event sequences and random input data. This result is because most of the user traffic is directed to popular pages under the search-dominant model. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. As Figure 10 shows  , once a page starts to get noticed by Web users  , its popularity can jump almost immediately as long as the page is of high quality. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . This is in line with the idea of avoiding large overlap between facets Section 4.2. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. Having a " private " search engine would enable an NLP application to issue a much larger number of queries quickly  , but efficiency is still a problem. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. For our experiments we used a subset of 7.5 million pages selected at random from a crawl of about 120 million web pages crawled by the PolyBot web crawler 34 in October of 2002. Our insight on parallelization opportunities emerged from our recent investigation of how the order in which a state-space is searched influences the cost and effectiveness of detecting errors 6 . Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. V. RELATED WORK Recent code-based techniques such as random testing 9  , dynamic symbolic execution 3  , or search-based testing 5 can achieve high code coverage  , yet suffer from problems of nonsensical tests and false failures. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. For example  , if we make the rather uncommon query " How do I remove tree sap from my car ? " Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . They analyzed a random subset of 20 ,000 queries from a single month of their approximately 1-million queries-per-week traffic. We apply random walks up to a restricted number of steps. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. They use queries with location obtained by IP addresses  , and develop a probabilistic framework for quantifying spatial variation. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. However  , given the rapid growth in Web usage  , it is now possible to leverage the collective browsing behavior of many users as an improvement over random or directed traversals of the Web graph. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. Note that the timing of each one of the random datasets is aligned with a LCC dataset. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. We identified twenty high-output research institutions consisting of six private and fourteen public institutions using SPSSgenerated random numbers and matching them to institutions in the Carnegie Classification: Research Universities – Very High Research Activity group 1. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. Having determined the net sample size for a particular leaf  , we extract a simple random sample with replacement of this size from the records on the leaf this is trivial. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. of the window for each attribute was a random fraction of the domain range for that attribute. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. Now  , recursively build both branches  , This method is an improvement in that it is symmetric and the tree struc-ture still tends to be well balanced assuming sufficiently random selection of the two points. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. With both the pool based and random walk samplers  , " little or no " bias was seen due to document size  , and no " significant bias " due to the static document rank used by their search sytem. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. 510 queries drawn from a held-out mix of frequent and random HSC queries were used to test this subweb. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Expanding phrase B with phrases A and C based on the traditional inverted index structure requires locating the three separate posting lists through random access followed by two merge operations. In this task  , the search latency was increased by a fixed amount that ranged from 0 to 1750ms  , using a step of 250ms. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. To compute Clarity for a query  , we use a query model built from the top 50 results returned by the search engine. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Six of the fourteen subjects recognized that the query to be or not to be might be problematic and result in " random " results. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. To be able to search for long  , meaningful paths  , we have replaced the current few citations with a list of randomly created citations 1 to 10 random citations to papers selected from all of the previous years in the knowledge base  , using a normal distribution. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. This included an outline highlighting the viewable area of the Web page based on the dimensions of the Web browser viewport  , since this would change according to the users' screen resolution and their scrolling. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. Each participant was asked to complete all of the 12 search tasks in a random order. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. Finally  , performance of heuristic search based semantic query optimization needs to be evaluated in a real database environ- ment. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The mason for this query being an outlier is not clear  , as the subject matter for this query was not markedly different from the others. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. 10 recommended items were selected according to one of the seven profiles  , as described in Section 3  , while an extra item was randomly selected from the social search index to serve as a lower-bound baseline. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. In practice the chance that a random document containing a false match would also match the rest of the user's query is very small. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. It should be noted that the control condition in our experiment was designed to be particularly difficult  , much harder than random search. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. Voronoi diagrams are surfaces constructed in such a way as to be equidistant from the obstacles and  , thus  , moving along these surfaces  , there is the certainty of not encountering any obstacles lo. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. The random determination of step size allows discontinuous jumps in the parameter interval  , and then golden section is used to control the search direction. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. To do this  , we split the citations of the small datasets into training and testing sets and compared the performance of models learned on the training sets to " unlearned " models whose feature weights were all set equal to the same constant " 1. " Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. We show our method significantly outperforms theirs on a random sample of queries in all frequency ranges. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. 6 Thus we cannot conclude from this evaluation that social search will be equally successful for all kinds of questions. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. 22  study a number of heuristics for landmark selection   , and report a centrality-based heuristic to work best across their experiments. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? The open question to date is if there even exists a way to publish search logs in a perturbed fashion in a manner that is simultaneously useful and private. A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. Our result predicts that it takes 66 times longer under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model in order for a page to become popular! The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. We can use R. F. to denote the baseline  , which adjust the parameter of a BF by optimizing false positive and search query terms in a random order. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. No mention was made of pay conditions  , ad conditions or random assignment  , and a search on turkernation .com  , a discussion forum for Mechanical Turk workers  , found no mention of either experiment. In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. Finally  , we investigate whether Google Search personalizes results based on Web browsing history i.e. , by tracking users on third-party Web sites. When the call returns an object  , the comparison may in turn require a recursive check for the observational equivalence of the returned objects. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. Given a page  , the task is to predict a ranked list of SearchTrigger queries that a random user may want to issue after reading the page  , based on historical user browsing behavior data. Therefore  , concolic testing is unlikely to reveal the ERROR in testme in a reasonable amount of time. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. Even for synthetic data  , for which the relevant subset of dimensions is known ,only a subset of the relevant dimensions was found. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. A majority of cache misses occur after traversing a suffix link to a new subtree and then examining each child of the new parent. We expect that multiple settings make sense in all non-trivial ObjectRank applica- tions. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. While GeM fared poorly on the second random grouping for TREC-7  , its performance on other runs was very good. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. In contrast  , the population of STEM instructors in our focus groups included non-users or potential users from a variety of colleges and universities who were not necessarily innovators. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. The bounding boxes contain a large fraction of " dead space "   , i.e. , volume that is outside the ellipsoid  , which creates many false positives during search. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. For example  , if we take a random set of words out of a book  , we are working in the space of all strings over a certain alphabet  , but in this particular case we are much more likely to encounter some strings  , like " the "   , than others  , like " xyzzy " . Since the " simple " approach to determine the value of social navigation cues in the search interface provided little insight  , we had to use a more advanced approach. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. The last two rows are search log based term features for industry dataset  , which calculate the probability of e in similar queries and their clicked documents. So  , if we consider that the user started the walk at some document  , it is usually possible to find even candidates not directly mentioned in this document. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. If a term occurs more than once  , it is given a value of one for the binary indecendence model. Another body of work attempts to address privacy concerns differently. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. It has been long established that semistatic word-based byte-oriented compressors such as those considered in this paper are useful not only to save space and time  , but also to speed up sequential search for words and phrases. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. As expected   , the QE method using a word translation model TM1 fails to improve the search performance. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. 28 built two bipartite graphs by leveraging both click and skip information from query logs and used an optimal random walk and combination model to determine query correlations. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. , a test case that triggers a failure or covers a particular branch/path follows a geometric distribution. This choice was motivated by the fact that half the publications in search-based software engineering are on software testing 25. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . Querying: To provide the queries that will be issued during simulated search sessions  , we needed to generate a number of queries per topic. In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. The main contribution of this work is a hybrid frontier prioritization approach that combines the two lines of work mentioned above. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. We scrutinized the cases when external knowledge did not improve query classification  , and identified three main causes for such lack of improvement. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. 4 explore random walk models on the click graph for propagating click information to URLs which have not been clicked. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. They looked at two applications of query flow graphs: 1 identifying sequences of queries that share a common search task and 2 generating query recommendations. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The former group of methods can be divided into those that exploit query co-occurrences in the search logs  , and those that leverage the document click information such as random walks over query-document bipartite graphs. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. We conducted experiments on three different datasets; two are real Web datasets from a commercial search engine and one is an artificial dataset 2 created to remove any variance caused by the quality of features and/or relevance labels. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. Since the repair functions are probabilistic  , we calculated average results over five repeated trials for each experiment. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Most implemented path planners have been developed for mobile robots and manipulators with a few degrees of freedom dof. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. For example  , consider the likelihood of a user utilizing the tags shown in Table 2  , a small random sample of tags that only occur once in our data sample  , in order to browse or search for content. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Many data sets are incomplete. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. The worst performance is by LD. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. There is significant scientific work to support this view. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . The results of these experiments is presented in Table 2. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. Meng et al. Our goal is to guess the best rating. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. imputation  inappropriate. The proportion of customers missing data for the number of port is large 44% and the customer population where data are missing may be different  , making conventional statistical treatment of missing data e.g. That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. The experiments show that the local approach is indeed superior to the global approach  , both in terms of accuracy and quality of the completed databases. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. outliers are at that moment ignored. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. While missing demographic information can be obtained at a low cost  , missing test results can be significantly more expensive to obtain. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. Other strategies for setting mean value and variance can also be adopted in our approach. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. The model has a strong bias to put movies with a large number of observations at the extremes of the ranking. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Both methods need to be altered in order to optimize performance on the alternative test. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. The details for these data sets are depicted in Table 1. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. The results of this experiment are presented in Table 3. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. However  , it suffers from " coldstart problem  , " in which it cannot generate accurate recommendations without enough initial ratings from users. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. In the effort labels missing case  , since only the effort labels of part of samples are missing  , the imputation problem can be considered as a semi-supervised learning problem. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. We have tested these methods on implicit rating and rating imputation tasks while evaluating performance under two different methods of recommending embodied by GROC and CROC curve metrics. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. S&P500 data set holds the typical characteristics of time series and has an excellent correlation between the consecutive data elements  , while image histogram data does not have this property. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. The approaches developed–such as the " imputation methods " that attempt to modify the database directly by replacing null values with likely values–are not applicable for autonomous databases where the mediator often has restricted access to the data sources. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. If missing values are missing at random and data set size allows  , missing values rows can be discarded. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. Consequently  , all statistics computed on the completed database will be correct. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. In this paper  , we study the general missing situation of effort data and consider that the incompletion of effort data comprises drive factors missing and effort labels missing. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. For instance  , for any candidate point  , if the global information can be guessed from the local information  , then global data about this point is less likely to be informative. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. These approaches use an imputation model to fill in missing data with plausible values  , which are then used as inputs for the inference model. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. His results not only showed that imputing missing likert data using the k-nearest neighbour method was feasible they showed that the outcome of the imputation depends on the number of complete instances more than the proportion of missing data. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. Also  , despite the scarcity of software data and the fact that the LD procedure involves an efficiency cost due to the elimination of a large amount of valuable data  , most software engineering researchers have used it due to its simplicity and ease of use. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. In this paper  , we are interested not in the standard imputation problem but a variant that can be used in the context of query rewriting. The GROC and CROC graphs together point out that the aspect model has nearly identical global GROC performance to the heuristic recommender while actually recommending to a more diverse group of people . As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. It replaces missing records by random draws from complete records from the same local area. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . 5 Obviously  , δ 2 Q obs   , X obs  is a real value for given X rv   , while δ 2 Q mis   , X mis  is a random variable depending on the imputation method. Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . Further investigations regarding the data reconstruction ability of KM were done by looking into the compressed 1 http://www.cs.huji.ac.il/labs/compbio/LibB sizes of the data; To compress the data with missing values   , KRIMP typically requires 30% more bits than it does to encode the original data. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. , game posts and stickers are not available in IG L  , which is handled by using the imputation technique 36. We also collect two large-scale datasets  , including Facebook denoted as FB L with 63K nodes  , 1.5M edges  , and 0.84M wall posts 34  , and Instagram denoted as IG L with 2K users  , 9M tags  , 1200M likes  , and 41M comments 35. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. However  , when the corpus of publications is large  , we can utilize the fact that there are many other similar papers that potentially could have been cited but were not. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . If the specified imputation strategy is: the missing elements follow a certain distribution with given expectation and variance  , then X rv is a random vector 12  , x i 1   , 9  , x i 2   , 40 and X mis = x i 1   , x i 2   , where x i 1 and x i 2 are both random variables following the given distribution. Viterbi recognizer search. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. served as ranking criterion. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. Once the score s is found  , it possible to align each frame of the performance with the corresponding event in the score. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. Il;PyT IXi; IJ  , where yT is the most likely label of the token Xi a linelblock in the title page of a book in the instance x a book. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. Hash tag splitting As we did in 1  , in addition to the words of the tweet  , we have used a hashtag splitter to split the compound words representing the hashtags in common English words. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. We begin by restricting our consideration of possible renderers to documents. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. Each state has the following exponential family emission distributions: 1 A multinomial distribution emitting the relevance of the line  , r. This distribution is fixed; for each state one of the probabilities is one and the other is zero. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. τ1  , the number of best renderers retrieved at the first iteration: {5} ∪ {10  , 20  , ..  , 100} ∪ {200  , 300  , 400  , 500}. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. Stemming can be performed before indexing  , although it is not used in this example. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. That is  , the system produces a gist of a document d by searching over all candidates g to find that gist which maximizes the product of a content selection term and a surface realization term. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. The Viterbi program assigns each word in the input sequence a position in the document  , as long as the word appears in the document at least once. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. Otherwise  , all possible one-word expansions of it are computed. 4 to be 0.0019 and the optimum path of states for this observation sequence is {FD  , WQ  , WQ  , CS  , FD  , FD  , FD} with probability 1.59exp-5. The actual decoding of the speech utterance is based on searching the acoustic and language models to find out the best fitting hypothesis. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. As mentioned earlier  , the most successful technique has been to apply Viterbi-type search procedure  , and this is the strategy that OCELOT adopts. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. Decoding is the attempt to uncover the hidden part of the model  , and it can be used to align couples of sequences. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. In order to mitigate this effect  , we adopted an intermediate option in which each sequence is assigned to the model that is the most likely to generate it. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The intermediate output of the Viterbi program is shown as follows: arthur : 1 ,01 b : 1 ,11 sackler : 1 ,21 2 ,340.6 .. 12 ,20.5 .. : the : 0 ,210.0019 0 ,260.0027 .. 23 ,440.0014 internet : 0 ,270.0027 1 ,390.0016 .. 18 ,160.0014 unique : 0 ,280.0027 Choosing the sequence with the highest score  , we find the most likely position sequence. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. We followed Chapelle et al. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . The result obtained is presented in Table 4. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. , with the ranks used in place of scores. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. Students and professionals were treated separately.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. It The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. So we adopt a weighting method: We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. 1a and 1 d. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. , Pearson correlation with true AP. 5. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . The measure value is given by the following equation: From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. These had 68 pairs in common. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. It can be summarized in the following steps: 1. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. Table 1presents the results. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. The popular user-user similarity measures are Pearson Correlation Coefficient 4  , 5  and the vector sim- ilarity 3. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The reasons are two-folded. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . For We can make the following observations. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. Weight all users with respect to similarity to the active user. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. We compute the similarity among users using Pearson correlation 16 between their ratings. Also the social actions influenced by transitivity  , selection and unknown external effects may overlap. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. To determine if this is a significant effect  , we correlate the first infection duration with reinfection . Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. We used it in our comparison experiments. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. 2001. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. , temporal similarity and location-based similarity using different correlation metrics: Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , Spearman's rank correlation coefficient  , and Kendall tau rank correlation coefficient. Metrics. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. In the calculated Pearson correlation coefficients R between the objectives  , we verify a strong positive correlation between iF and fo objectives R = 0.6431 and between fF and foe objectives R = 0.6709. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. These results give a set of clusters of measures that have high correlation across a simulated document collection. From Table 1  , we observe that there is low correlation of each of these attributes to conversations with high interestingness. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. That means  , the weight of an edge between two objects X is equal to the correlation of these objects. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. The extension of BBC to Pearson Correlation Pearson Distance makes it applicable to a variety of biological datasets where finding small  , dense clusters is criti- cal. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. However  , the accuracy ACC still remains as high as 82%. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. To this end  , we matricize X in Mode 1 to generate matrix X 1 ∈ R u×lat . We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 3 to generate matrix X 3 ∈ R a×ult . Instead of employing all available social information   , we select friends who share similar tastes with the target user by investigating their past ratings. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC is defined as the basis for the weights 4. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. We compared researchers with similar interests in terms of their PVRs. It is striking that B is orders of magnitude larger than the number of known relevant documents. Predictions for Eachmovie took 7 milliseconds to generate approximately 1600 ratings for one user. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. These scores are determined according to the Optimal Transposition Index OTI method 4  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. In this section we introduce and discuss the results we obtained during the evaluation of the above mentioned predictors . Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. Pool25 2strata Figure 1: Estimates of R on the TREC-8 collection. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. We generate the top k similar images of an image by computing the distance of visual feature vectors. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. All coders labeled 1050 images 510 saliency condition  , 540 playback condition in the same order. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. In GroupLens  , for example  , users were asked to rate Usenet news articles on a scale from 1 very bad to 5 very good. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. This measure is best suited to comparing rankings with few or no ties  , and its value corresponds to a Pearson ρ coefficient 24. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer  , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. In Figure 2  , we show two examples of ranking modules both by estimated and actual number of post-release defects. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. In order to examine this  , we return to the overlap measures used in Section 3. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. The commonly used similarity metrics are Pearson correlation coefficient 5 and cosine similarity 1. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. The improvements increased with the sparseness of the dataset  , as expected because sparse FA correctly handles sparseness. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. On average we have observed slightly higher COV values in ViewSer data in comparison to Eye-tracking. Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. The cases where the difference is significant are marked with an asterisk sign in Table 2. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. As in previous work 4  , 10   , we use Kendall-τ and Pearson coefficient as the correlation metrics. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. an acronym expandable to multiple equally-likely phrases. result abstracts at lower ranks. Intuitively  , when the result ranking is poor  , the users are expected to spend more time reading Table 2: Pearson correlation between viewing time and whole page relevance. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. The measurements were supervised by GL one of the authors who is an experienced scoliosis surgeon at National University Hospital  , Singapore. We conducted experiments to compare the performance of Simrank  , evidence-based Simrank and weighted Simrank as techniques for query rewriting. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 2 to generate matrix X 2 ∈ R l×uat . For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. For each configuration in our dataset we computed the values of absolute online and o✏ine metrics. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. For two variables X and Y   , ρ is calculated as However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. As in 13  , we choose Pearson correlation as it is amenable to mathematical optimization. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. The matrix of weights among all users or movies is the user movie correlation matrix. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Our ideological slant measurements are also summarized in Table 2. Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. In this experiment  , leave-one-out was used for training 3. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. This suggests that head-up-down correlates with arousal. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. Knijnenburg 19 presented a cluster-based approach where variables are first hierarchically complete linkage clustered and then from each cluster the most relevant feature is selected. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. An offline evaluation was not conducted because it had not been able to calculate any differences based on trigger. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Essentially  , these modifications inject item-item relationships into the user-user model. Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. They proposed a similarity measure that uses shortest path length  , depth and local density in a taxonomy. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. , Vector Space Similarity and Pearson Correlation Coefficient. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. A high positive correlation coefficient indicates that with an increase in the actual defect density there is a corresponding positive increase in the estimated defect density. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. We matricize X in Mode 4 to generate matrix X 4 ∈ R t×ula . 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. The values of the Pearson correlation coefficients as calculated by Eq. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. memory-based and model-based. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. The similarity between two users is calculated based on their rating scores on the set of commonly rated items. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. In the case where there were many profiles of the same size  , we used the mean time of profiles of that size. This methods is called " Baseline " in Tables 1 and 2. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. This will often be important because sparse FA is orders of magnitude faster than Pearson correlation or PD on large datasets. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. For each user u  , let wa ,u be the Pearson-Correlation between user a and user u. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Finally  , to predict the ratings for the test user  , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. Therefore  , a popular correction is to subtract ¯ Ru from each vector component 6  , 4  , 2. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. Notable examples include the Pearson-Correlation based approach 16  , the vector similarity based approach 4  , and the extended generalized vector-space model 20. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. 7 If we consider all changes it ranges from 1.2% Robotics Control and Automation to 7.8% Computational Biology . The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. For each project-investor pair  , we predict whether the investor supports the project prediction is 1 or not prediction is 0. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the semantic similarity score provided by the Ebiquity web service. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. This category includes the Pearson-correlation coefficient approach 2 and the vector space similarity approach 1. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. To provide better comparability with earlier results  , we re-implemented Pearson correlation which had been used in the two survey papers. In this section  , we investigate how subjects' initial evaluations varied according to information problem type and query length RQ2. Recall that we had 4 experts for The Simpsons and 3 for all other topics. treat the portions of each of the five popularity patterns within a certain domain as its five features. This effect can be explained by the low number of training queries relative to the number of features in the latter case. Statistically significant differences of prediction quality are determined using the two-tailed paired t-test computed over the folds using a 95% confidence level. where w i ,k is the similarity weight between users ui and u k . To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. We also wondered whether users from one culture were more likely to choose popular tags. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Central to most item-oriented approaches is a similarity measure between items  , where s ij denotes the similarity of i and j. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. Below  , we vary this bound and see how it influences the correlation between o✏ine metrics and interleaving. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. This example illustrates the need for a new correlation coefficient that is at the same time head weighted and sensitive to both swapped and unswapped gaps. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. , on tens of thousands of questiondocument pairs. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. , setting aside the results of the Ad Hoc Pool  , we obtain a Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient of 0.927 with a 95% confidence interval of 0.577  , 0.989. The impression is borne out by correlation measures. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. where X and Y are the vectors of ranked lists; E is the expectation ; σ is the standard deviation; and µ is the mean 6. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . In order to test significance of the di↵erences in correlation values we used the 5/5 split procedure described above. Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Without loss of generality  , the chi-square test 8 is employed to identify concrete itemsets by statistically evaluating the dependency among items in individual itemsets . We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. To eliminate outliers and potential noise  , we only consider ages for which we have at least 100 observations. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. For many single terms  , temporal significance is implied by their context i.e. , bigrams. Typically one to three dimensions account for this much variance  , but our result is comparable to similar analyses of large matrices 24. Also  , the correlation of frequencies of personal finance queries is very high all day  , indicating searchers are entering the same queries roughly the same relative amount of times  , this is clearly not true for music. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. For COG-OS  , the k value selected for C4.5 and SV M are moderately similar  , while r values are quite divergent. Now we explore the relationships between our computed interestingness of conversations and the attributes of their associated media objects. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment  , thresholded versions of those features  , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. APS 0.35 produces a Pearson correlation of over 0.47. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. 11 asked users to re-rate a set of movies they had rated six weeks earlier  , and found that the Pearson ¥ correlation between the ratings was 0.83. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. where x and y are the 100 reciprocal performance scores of manual evaluation and automatic evaluation  , respectively. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. To verify that  , we compute the Pearson correlation between a street segment's unpleasant smells as per Formula 4 in Section 4 and the segment's sentiment. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. , June 5 to 11. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. Results show that English proficiency level affects the acceptance rate for both the interfaces  , with a statistical significance for the APP condition oneway ANOVA with F = 8.92 and p = 0.005. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. Table 2gives the Pearson's correlation for system scores and the Kendall's τ correlation for system rankings for the TREC 2004 Robust systems on each of the earlier sub-collections  , comparing in each case the results obtained by standardizing using the original experimental systems and standardizing using the TREC 2004 Robust systems. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. We also computed the Pearson coefficient r between the average forecast error rates of the top five QAC suggestions and the final ρ and MRR values computed for those rankings . The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. In addition  , to better understand the directionality of the features   , we also report in Pearson product moment correlation   , and the point-biserial correlation in the case of the classifier  , between the feature values and the ground truth labels in our dataset. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program  , while the Trels-based measures tScore  , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels  , manually created by us  , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. Figure 5lists the performance for our two best-performing similarity measures GBSS r=2 and GBSS r=3   , as well as for the following related approaches: 19 – Figure 5clearly shows that our approach significantly outperforms the to our knowledge most competitive related approaches  , including Wikipedia-based SSA and ESA. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. We found a positive correlation between the expected level of emotional intelligence and agreement for robots using the honorific r=.358  , n=165  , p<0.01  , and knowing how to bow r=.435  , n=164  , p<0.01. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. , with Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.15 in relation to the functional size by 'function points' and 0.100 for the size in 'lines of code'. During the preparation phase  , and to better understand our data  , we also explore some correlations between different variables; however  , we didn't reach any significant correlation. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . The Pearson correlation of AP with all four model parameters the row denoted by " Combined "  is relatively high  , suggesting that the model captures important aspects of the topic difficulty. The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. , 14: The ratings of each participant  , i.e. , experts  , non-experts  , and the automated computation scheme  , are considered as vectors where each component may adopt values between 1 and 4. We further examined whether COGENT score is fundamentally unpredictive of coreness or its poor performance should be attributed to the fact that it outputs a single score and consequently  , the downstream classifier is restricted to a single feature. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. For this first experiment  , we report three different measures to capture the extent to which grades were assigned correctly: the Pearson product-moment correlation r and two other measures of interest to testing agencies  , the proportion of cases where the same score was assigned Exact and the proportion of cases where the score assigned was at most one point away from the correct score Adjacent. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. Figure 3d shows a zoom of the bottom left corner of Figure 3 a  , where Western countries are clustered except Cyprus  , which has 25.3% Muslim population. Twitter For example  , if we observe Figure 1  , we can see two plots  , one of them corresponds to the relative frequency of EHEC cases as reported by RKI Robert Koch Institute RKI 2011  , and the other to the relative frequency of mentions of the keyword " EHEC " in the tweets collected during the months of May and June 2011. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. Intuitively  , the search performance depends on the quality of the alignment. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. The age distribution among positively classified searchers is strikingly similar to the expected distribution  , particularly for the ages of 60s and 70s  , which are each within 1 percent of the expected rate. We looked at the activity signatures of 321 workers who had at least one complete signature and had completed the NER task. This indicates that an increase in the predicted value of the PREfast/PREfix defect density is accompanied by an increase in the pre-release defect density at a statistically significant level. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. – Weight all papers with respect to similarity to the target  paper e.g. , p1. Thus  , before computing these correlations  , we first apply a logarithm transformation on the scholar popularity and feature values to reduce their large variability as in 17. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. One possible choice  , based on the language model  , is the clarity score7  , but it is more difficult to implement. Here  , a normalized similarity of a user i y to a user j y is computed as This experiment compares the Pearson Correlation Coefficient approach using our weighting scheme to the other three methods: the Vector Similarity VS method  , the Aspect Model AM approach  , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. It has been shown that the ability to execute this volume of queries allows the error rates of evaluation measures to be examined 2. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. This is  , users might stay at workplace during that period  , and hence have similar check-ins while people tend to have lunch about 12:00  , making the curve drops to some extent. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. First  , we examine the effect of window size on the role composition of each forum. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. This indicates that as long as we obtain at least one correct entity to represent a document  , our sophisticated hierarchical and transversal semantic similarity measure can compete with the state-of-the-art even for very short text. From left to right  , the participants are shown with respect to decreasing mean number of comments over all 15 weeks. Thus  , we compute the average value of stage assignmentsˆsementsˆ mentsˆse for event e i.e. , ˆ se = Esij|xij = e. A high correlation therefore means that we can predict the rank order of the suites' effectiveness values given the rank order of their coverage values  , which in practice is nearly as useful as predicting an absolute effectiveness score. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. in our data we compare: #followers  , #followees  , #posts  , #days on Twitter  , #posts per day and ownership of a personal website. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. The right graph in Figure 2plots the single-assessor and pyramid F-scores for each individual Other question from all submitted runs. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. As these charts suggest  , the Pearson correlation between the two runs is quite low: 0.3884 for nDCG@20 and 0.3407 for nDCG@10. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Moreover  , in order to incorporate the information from the users' social interactions and tagging  , we adopt the following ad hoc procedure. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. In a similar way  , upon our sample  , our methodology has identified two types of users: those who are privacy-concerned minority and those who belong to the pragmatic majority. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. However  , these results are for single tweets. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. This might also depend on the difference in separability of the Qrels sets from the entire collection. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . To that end  , we study the performance of the representativeness measures Clarity  , WIG  , NQC  , QF when predicting the quality of the ranking induced by the relevance model over the entire corpus 6 . In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Here we empirically validate this intuition on the Epinion data  , as can be seen in Figure 2. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. Significantly different Pearson correlations from Sum # Postings are denoted *. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. Let T2 be the set of Kendall-τ scores for various subset sizes calculated when the evaluation metric is different from the metric used for query selection – the selection metric. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. Where item similarity s i im  , i b  can be approximated by the cosine measure or Pearson correlation 11  , 15. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. This NBD-based similarity was calculated as 1 − NWDx  , y  , with NWDx  , y calculated as specified in Definition 2  , using the Microsoft Bing Search API 4 as a search engine. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Herein  , we measure retrieval performance using average precision AP@k; i.e. , Qπ in our case is the AP of the  mutation π. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Based on this idea  , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. However  , most of the standard similarity measures such as Pearson Correlation Coefficient 16  , Cosine Similarity 17  are too general and not suitable for finding similar document from large databases such as PubMed. The CDC weekly publishes the percentage of the number of physician visits related to influenza-like illness ILI within each major region in the United States. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. A graph's assortativity coefficient AS is a value in -1 ,1 calculated as the Pearson correlation coefficient of the degrees of all connected node pairs in the graph. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. To identify friends with similar tastes  , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . We therefore selected 0.98 as our threshold for adjusted R 2   , and selected the first model that achieved that level of adjusted R 2 or higher. Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. Such a mixed observation has led us to further investigate if there is any interesting correlation. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. The relation between observed CTR and the demoted grades is visualized by a scatter plot in Figure 2. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. Given that Model- U achieves τ = 0.659  , we achieve a relative improvement of 23%. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. In this experiment  , we compare our weighting scheme to two commonly used weighting schemes  , i.e. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. A secondary goal of this study is to go beyond previous work by assigning a discrete grade to each essay   , and by measuring exact agreement with the human raters. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. This leads us to the conclusion that the contribution metric seems to capture different aspects of research performance than citation counts. For instance  , for the Robust test collection  , improvement in Kendall-τ is on average 10% for the full set of systems and it rises to 25% for the top 30 best performing systems. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. However  , the sample size of 25 is close to the lower bound of 30 suggested in texts as " sufficiently large " . In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker  , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. To measure prediction quality  , we follow common practice in work on QPP for document retrieval 2. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. In Step A1.1  , the similarity between target paper p tgt and other citation papers p citu u = 1  , · · ·   , N  , denoted as Stgt ,u is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient: Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Thus  , their popularity is less influenced by the venues where they publish. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. We have scaled such that the maximum number of downloads in both the observed and predicted values is equal to 1. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. Together H3 and H4 state that the use of dependency information will improve prediction of SRD  , but only because such information improves the concept similarity match. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. As these predictors incorporate free parameters  , we apply a train-test approach to set the values of the parameters. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. B: number of blogs  , N : number of posts  , L: number of citations  , r: Pearson correlation coefficient between number of in-and out-links of nodes. Emotion Words. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. Miller-Charles' data set is a subset of Rubenstein-Goodenough's 35 original data set of 65 word pairs. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. , there are high positive correlations where r > 0.50 between the pledging goal  , the number of updates and the number of comments. Typically  , the prediction is calculated as a weighted average of the ratings given by other users where the weight is proportional to the " similarity " between users. A variation of the memory-based methods 21  , tries to compute the similarity weight matrix between all pairs of items instead of users. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . To estimate the effect of using 'n' Turkers  , we randomly sampled 'n' ratings for each annotation item n ∈ {1  , 40}. the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. 7 We use rankings of sc and topic-unity values as they are not homogeneously distributed on 0; 1. We then use the fitted q i parameters and equation 2 to predict the expected number of downloads in the control world. The results of the study were evaluated with respect to the agreement between the actual gender of a user and our predicted preference for one of the two female-biased or male-biased news streams. A possible explanation to this is that the users on Twitter use it as a news source to read informative tweets but not necessarily all of the content that is read will be " liked " . We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. We evaluate our method by comparing the ranking of systems based on the subset of queries with the ranking over the full set of queries. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . However  , the Random and IQP methods require at least 70% of queries to achieve the same Kendall-τ . We implemented the accumulators for Quit and Continue as dynamic structures hash tables and when the stop criterion is as high as 10000 users  , this structure has less of an advantage over arrays. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. The Indri toolkit www.lemurproject.org was used for experiments. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. Popular choices for su ,v include the Pearson Correlation Co- efficientPCC22  , 11and the vector similarityVS2. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. The learned prediction model is defined as follows: The correlation coefficients obtained for this model  , are 0.412 +12.88%  , 0.559+22.59%  , and 0.539 +22.22%  , for K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson respectively. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. The resulting model further increased performance by a +22% in terms of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , and +12.88% for K. Tau. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24 ,58% +23 ,14% +41 ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. For preliminary findings  , the study selected 8 libraries with the highest and lowest results of accessibility and conducted the Pearson correlation test to investigate whether or not there was any association between accessibility and library funding. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. In fact  , if we consider the width and the depth of a tree as its largest width and depth  , respectively  , we noted that trees are on average 2.48 wider than deeper. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. 2 reported that hubness emerges because k-NNs are computed in high dimensional spaces. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. Figure 4a shows a scatter plot of users for Pearson  , where the horizontal axis is N50  , and the vertical axis represents similarity to the data centroid. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. While these measures examine the similarity of the sets of queries received in an hour and the number of times they are entered  , they do not incorporate the relative popularity or ranking of queries within the query sets. These findings attest to the redundancy of feature functions when employing ClustMRF for the non-ClueWeb settings and to the lack thereof in the ClueWeb settings. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. where Wuv is the Pearson correlation between user u and user v  , and k is the number of neighbours. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. For simplicity we will consider a system in which all the measurement variables have a variance equal to 1. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. Overlaid on the video  , the observers could see a curve displaying their recent evaluation history See Figure 2-Bottom. Taking the complexity of human emotions in account  , an accuracy of 0.514 on predicting 8 emotions can be considered a relatively high score. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. We first note that even on a single server for a single game  , players generally interact with considerably more players than they have declared friendships with. Two variants are proposed: 1 average-based regularization that targets to minimize the difference between a user's latent factors and average of that of his/her friends; 2 individual-based regularization that focuses on latent factor difference between a user and each of his/her friends. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. 2 As for coverage  , SNRS has a stable performance of around 0.7. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. In this paper  , we adopt the most popular approach Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 2  , which is defined as: We tested per-user averaging on this dataset as well and it was 2% less accurate. In addition  , letˆMΦletˆ letˆMΦ ∈ R l×1 be the vector of l average performance scores computed based on the query subset  , QΦ  , and the performance matrixˆXmatrixˆ matrixˆX. We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. Experimental Setup: As a first step  , we validate our hypothesis that COV is not dependent on the rank position   , and in fact can be used as an un-biased estimate of snippet attractiveness. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. This category includes the Pearson-correlation based approach 4  , the vector similarity based approach 1  , and the extended generalized vector space model 3. To compare two HPCP features  , we use the Optimal Transposition Index method OTI 15  , which ensures a higher robustness to musical variations  , such as tuning or timbre changing issues 15. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. Popular recommends the most popular items during the last one month of the learning period and thus it is not personalized to the user. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. The prediction value is the Pearson correlation between the original normalized scores in the list and the new scores. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. When features could not be extracted i.e. , in the case of facial presentation and facial expressions when there is no face detected  , we replace these with the sample mean. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. shows  , there is a clear positive correlation Pearson r=0.845  , p < 0.001  , suggesting that Westerners who live in Middle Eastern countries tend to tweet more with #JSA than those who live in the West. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Hereby  , +1 denotes 100% consensus and -1 denotes completely opposed rating behavior. Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. For instance  , votes on a five star rating may mean different things for different people. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Moreover  , the number of nonzero elements of user vectors is determined by the number of items that are given a non-nil response by both paired users. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . Note that in contrast  , LTRoq integrates instantiations of the same predictor with various values of n as feature functions. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. We argue that these parameters should be adjusted more accurately and depend on the purpose target click-metric and market. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Using such explicit events  , we can estimate the ground-truth stage of other medical events symptoms by looking at the co-occurrence between the event and the " CKD stage k " events. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. High deviation was argued to correlate with potentially reduced query drift  , and thus with improved effectiveness 46. These deviations from mean ratings are then compared for each vector component  , that is  , for each technology pair being evaluated with regard to synergetic potential. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. The motivation stems from the observation that the past frequency of requests is not always strongly correlated with their future frequency  , especially in the case of infrequent requests 7. The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. For user-based systems 9   , the similarity between all pairs of users is computed based on their ratings on associated items using some selected similarity measurement such as cosine similarity or Pearson correlation . We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. We further calculate per topic difference of nDCG@10 between RL3/RL4 and RL2. 3 Performance on MSE and peak time error: Figure  4e  , 4f  , 4g  , and 4h illustrate the performance on MSE and peak time error of all the methods in VA and CT for three seasons. But it is also likely that users are related to a wider set of topics in which they are interested than topics in which they consider themselves experts. Submissions that resulted in low F 1 scores tend to have come from approaches that made little use of the Topic Authority's time; submissions that achieved high F 1 scores all made use of at least some of their available time with the Topic Authority. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. First of all  , we present the Pearson correlations between MCAS scores and all the independent variables in Table 1to give some idea of how these factors are related to MCAS score. The strict sentence generation log-likelihood feature in our feature set discussed in Section 5.3 encodes a sentence property that is very similar to COGENT's similarity score: it estimates the likelihood of a given sentence to be generated from the set of all standards of the associated domain in a probabilistic generation task. The average number of clusters per pre-onset history is 2.83 SD=2.43  , the average cluster length is around 2.54 days SD=2.32 days  , and the average periodicity of the clusters is around two weeks M=14.50 days  , SD=12.70 days. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. In one experiment with ii queries expressed as ordinary English Questions directed at a collection of 1200 messages  , METER retrieved about seventy percent of relevant messages  , with "retrieved" meaning that a message was in the top 30 returned for a query according to estimated relevance . There was a slight topic effect: for two topics both median and mode scores were 51-60%  , for one topic the median and mode was 61-70% and for another topic the median score was 41-50% with multiple modes of 31-40%  , 41- 50% and 51-60%. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. The most popular and the one used in this study  , is the Pearson correlation score which is defined in 3  , where σa is the standard deviation of user's a ratings. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. This time  , we draw the scatter plot between the JRFL predicted ranking scores and CTRs on the same set of URLs as shown in Figure 2. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. In our case , Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. II. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. l. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. Folded testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The self-folding time was also relatively short. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. Folding in program verification. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. a X position b Z position utilized A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The robot motion can be obtained by a motion planning method based on a deformation model of the cloth  , as described in Section IV. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. Based on inspection from results in Fig. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. 3d. We case-fold in our experiments. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. Wires and other discrete components e.g. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. 2 builds a self-folding crease pattern in On 2  time and space. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. The test on the pile of 5 towels was also completely successful. We also Collingbourne et al. The technique is also known as φ-folding 36   , a compiler optimization technique that collapses simple diamond-shaped structures in the CFG. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Underactuated robots have been a recent topic of interest l-71. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. Further results on protein folding can be found in 27. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. , III In most cases  , origami problems cannot be modeled as trees since the incident faces surrounding a given face form a cycle in the linkage structure. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Thus  , BLTM can be considered as performing a translation from title to query via hidden topics. Variations give rise to ambiguity in the data  , and typically result in false negatives. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. A method for the second element  , that is  , grasping the end of the deformed cloth  , will be discussed in the future. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. The ellipse foot is arranged with its major axis in line with the running direction. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. 2 In Definition 2.3  , a term is a normalized class of tokens that is included in the system's dictionary. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. the cutting blade. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. Previously this differential was constructed using similar folding techniques as the four-bars. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. Approximately 40% of each cycle is spent in the water  , 50% in the air  , and 10% retracting from the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. It has two paper laminates: one to fold into a handle and one to provide structure to the sensor loop. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. For example  , configurations in which the flaps of the box fold over other flaps. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. The muscles or tendons  , which help moving the human hand  , are roughly classified flexor muscles and extensor musclesl. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. As such  , #weight folding  , in concert with max score  , gave us a large speedup in the query expansion runs. Protein Folding. In three dimensions  , there exist open and closed chains that can lock 4  , 5  , while  , in dimensions higher than three  , nei­ ther open nor closed chains can lock 6. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. In contrast  , the glass observation windows of the tank are smooth  , i.e. , specular reflectors. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Features are computed using standard IR techniques like tokenization  , case folding  , stop-word removal  , stemming and phrase detection. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. The best performing method according to the Fowlkes-Mallows index is folding  , followed by reciprocal election and maxmin. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. Here  , these requirements should be added to the already existing requirements needed to self-contain the microfluidic device. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. This paper deals with a control problem common in machines for packaging fluids. However  , having the facets visible at all times did not introduce usability issues either. Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. In the case of folding  , the original ranking is respected by preferring higher ranked items as representatives over lower ranked items. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Queries are passed through cleansing steps  , such as case-folding  , stop-word elimination  , term uniquing  , and reordering of query terms in alphabetical order . To encourage more participation  , a game-like interface is a promising approach. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. The vertices depicted with circles are nodes  , and the numbers in the nodes give their capacity. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. 2 finds fold angle u of its original edge ee  in M  , and collects u as a folding information T . Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. This is a problem when the new data have to be added quickly. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. According to this measure  , reciprocal election outperforms folding and maxmin. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. Specifications are typically in the form of a very high level language involving mathematical constructs such as sets  , mappings  , relations  , and constraints. Next  , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. In both cases  , the hinge is perforated to make bending easier and to enable precise folds. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. Finally  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained with this motion planning method. By using the proposed model  , the trajectory of the robot system can be algebraically obtained when an arbitrary cloth configuration is given. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. In the case where a typical low-speed robot is used  , the proposed model cannot be applied  , and the appropriate deformation of the cloth cannot be achieved. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. Kuffncr 121 and Nieuwenhuiwn 3. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. Bridges hold object faces together during fabrication and reduce the number of release cuts required. The concept of a PCR was first introduced in SLB99  , along with its application to ligand-protein binding . This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Table 2shows show some of the phrase sets extracted from this paper. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. 7 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. In practice  , MPF was unable to run sufficient current for actuation at this scale. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In this paper we can only show path snapshots; movies can be found at http://www .cs.tamu.edu/faculty/amato/dsmft. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. Items that warrant camera-imaging often introduce more complex distortions that cannot be corrected by these techniques. 5 This parser performed case-folding  , replaced punctuation with whitespace  , and tokenized text at whitespace boundaries. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This is similar to our earlier experiments in the TREC Web track 4  , 5 . This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. The set of definitions is kept in data base for providing this possibility. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. In this paper  , we presented the method  , development  , and usage of self-folding electric devices. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. Spatial ability was measured by the Paper Folding tests and Stumpf's Cube Perspectives Test. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. To ensure the significance of our results  , all results shown are the average of a 10 times cross-folding methodology. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Secondly  , a projection facility can hide all code associated with a feature in the editor during development  , so that the remaining code can be viewed in isolation. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . First  , if the class label of the document is given  , denoted as y d   , we represent the document in the topic space as Inverse kinematics is an essential element in any robotic control system and a considerable research has gone in the last decades in identifying a robust and generic solution to this problem. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. Using the Name Authority action in expand mode  , followed by selecting the text in this query box results in Figure 11  , where the query term has been expanded to include the variants Witten  , I. H. and Witten  , Ian H. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. In the case of protein databases  , scientists are often interested in locating proteins that are similar to a target protein of interest. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. Inspired from lo  , the segments of articulation of each finger are concurrent at the wrist's middle point  , C   , as shown in Figure 2a. A major strength of PRMs is that they are quite simple to apply  , requiring only the ability to randomly generate points in C-space  , and then test them for feasibility. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. Many-to-Many transforms help to tackle higher-order schematic heterogeneities 18 where information is stored partly in data values  , and partly in the schema  , as shown in Figure 8. In a study comparing reading digital documents on a tablet with reading a paper  , the authors point out " lightweight navigation " features present in paper that are missing in their tablet interface. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Thus  , eachjoint can he driven independently with two degrees of freedom. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. Contemporary visions of how robots will be used in daily life include many situations in which people interact and share their space with not only one  , but multiple  , robots. To preserve violations of specifications regarding paths in the execution state space  , including liveness properties and precedence properties  , additional conditions must be imposed on the mapping. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. The differences between these techniques  , their capabilities  , and their shortcomings illustrate the problems inherent in lumping them together in a taxonomy of fault detection techniques. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Notice that LSA representations for diierent K form a nested sequence   , which is not true for the statistical models which are expected to capture a larger variety of reasonable de- compositions. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. This is so clicking on an items that is hyperlinked  , for example  , will not cause the browser to navigate away from the current page. Less improvement is obtained here than was observed for the ligand binding because C-PRM mainly optimizes the roadmap connection phase  , and this application spends more of its time in the node generation phase than the other applications studied do. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. Creation of a state-based model typically requires merging similar concrete-class events occurring at different traces and " folding " several concrete-class events occurring at different time stamps within a trace into one. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. Within the WSMT we cater for such users and provide them with additional features including syntax highlighting  , syntax completion  , in line error notification  , content folding and bracket highlighting. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. 2o. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. In the case when only one token is allowed in a place as assumed here we substitute the place and its incident edges by one edge with a variable direction  , including no-direction. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. The SWORDS platform developed by Foster-Miller is already at work in Iraq and Afghanistan and is fully capable of carrying lethal weaponry M240 or M249 machine guns  , or a Barrett .50 Caliber rifle. Any attempts to successfully characterize the intermediate structures or analyze common folding pathways  , either between multiple runs of a single protein or among the results of several proteins  , would hinge on an effective structural representation. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; We believe that our approach is more realistic in the long run. It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. Despite encouraging advances in computation and communication performance in recent years  , we are able to perform these activities only on a very small scale. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. Almost all work in expert ranking so far primarily deals with only document and author nodes and the proposed models do not seem easily extendible when additional sources of information are available. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Although printable sensors may lack the robust structural strength and reliability of other sensors  , they have many potential applications such as low-cost rapid prototyping and manufacturing of customized designs in residential homes. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. Folding-in is based on the existing latent semantic structure and hence new terms and documents have no effect on the representation of the pre-existing terms and documents. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph  , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. These joints fold only downward  , and have a physical stop to prevent them from folding upwards. These two facts  , taken together  , suggest that an improved foot for the water runner would be both elongated  , and have folding components. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Additionally  , problems associated with cavity drag during retraction may be somewhat decreased when the water runner can move forward and the foot pulls out from the cavity more along the entry path. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Therefore   , in this exploratory study we compare two search interfaces; one where the facets panel is always visible and one where the facets panel is collapsible and thus hidden by default. However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. Only the tempered version of EM 7 used for folding prevents that the short query is mapped to that border position. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. In fact  , in our example the developer would be likely to have been able to complete the task by analysing the number one element suggested on the second iteration Figure 2. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. , which already have departure from the original goal of TREC in some degree. In experiments  , some methods with good performance but time-consuming can not be applied . The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. This section demonstrates self-folding of a variable resistor as an example to show the capability of our system. In this work  , we showed theoretical bounds on the number of fingers needed to grasp and fold string into knots  , while ensuring that the string is held tautly in a polygonal arc. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. For this rca­ son  , we believe motion planning has great potential to help us understand folding. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. Many tests have been developed in order to measure these various factors of spatial ability. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. The test cases to demonstrate cycles were generated for LLVM- 3.6 with Alive-generated code inserted into the InstCombine pass. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. In our experiments we did not remove any stop words  , and retained all case information  , so that every sequence of alphanumeric characters was indexed. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. For example  , a page's du value can be increased by folding in the stationary distribution of a random walk that resets to only that page  , exactly analogous to increasing and propagating yu. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. In our experiments  , we identify that on an average 50% of the protocols detected have size 3 or more precedence length 2 or more which cannot be detected by these approaches scalably. By clicking on the fold marker  , the user can switch between an expanded or a collapsed state. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. This design allowed us to block on experienced/novice users in our assessment of the systems. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. Its design allows for easy integration into the design and fold patterns for more complex machines that may require bi-stable switches  , actuators  , or valves. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. The key elements to achieve this dynamic folding of the cloth are: appropriate deformation to fold the cloth and grasping the end of the deformed cloth. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. When done folding the chain  , the user saves the new formation and gives it a name. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. The goal of Perspective Folding is to not simply to provide a large field of view but to give a frame of reference around the robot and present cues that peripheral vision and optic flow contribute to locomotion  , perception of self-motion  , and perception of other moving objects. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. It simply says that an obstacle can always be avoided by folding the last link into the workspace W  1   , n -1 which is free of collision by assumption. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. All subjects are male  , had an average age of 23  , 3 years on line search experience  , and average FA-1 Controlled Associations score of 28.6 and VZ-1 paper folding score 15. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Recently  , various self-folding actuators triggered by external energy sources  , such as heat 1  , 2  , light 13  , or microwave 14  , in both macro-scales and micro-scales 15 have been introduced. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. Note that the density of turns can be changed by regulating the gap widths of the valley folds  , which results in variation of the final height. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. The detected breakpoints are marked on the trajectory and are indeed located at the folding points  , segmenting the angular position signals at the peaks and valleys of the signals not shown. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. Sketch of proof: Consider a 5-link polygonal arc with lengths 100  , 1  , 1  , 1  , 100. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. Note how intricately and compactly the SSEs are interwoven. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Since the fp-8192 descriptors were also generated by enumerating paths of length up to seven and also cycles  , the performance difference suggests that the folding that takes place due to the fingerprint's hashing approach negatively impacts the classification performance. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. Therefore  , for each hinge  , the trace height was determined empirically to ensure sufficient folding without excessive warping or peeling. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. 9c Because the large folding actually happened  , the 3D position corresponding to the shoulder node was far from the position of the model shape. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. Even though the folding pathways pro­ vided by PRMs cannot be explicitly associated with actual timesteps  , they do provide us with a temporal ordering. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. This indicates that the folding approach benefits from its strong mechanism to automatically and dynamically select a proper number of clusters. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. Ambitious optimizers for sequential machines perform numerous transformations that involve deletion  , simplification  , and reordering of the generated code in an attempt to decrease the program's running time and space requirements. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. This microglider prototype is a first step in our exploration of gliding as an alternative or complementary locomotion for miniature robotics to overcome obstacles and increase the traveling distance per energy unit. 2 builds and outputs a self-folding crease pattern V   , E   , F   , T  in On 2  time and space. 8shows a graph of an implemented actuator design function. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. An additional paper layer was inserted between the PSPS and PCB to act as a lever arm and increase the folding torque. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Besides ligand binding 16  , it has been applied also to study protein folding problems 17  , 18J as well. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Usually  , there are other desirable properties for a path in addition to the basic requirement that it be collision-free. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. For example  , searching utilities frequently are character-set neutral we use the MG system 8  , 11  , but expect that these observations apply more generally. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. Feet with folding sections aligned front to back which remain flat during the slap and stroke phase and which collapse during retraction from the water were found to provide the largest lift and create the least drag. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. For example  , in CIDE 22  , developers can create views on a specific feature selection  , hiding irrelevant files and irrelevant code fragments inside files  , with standard code-folding techniques at the IDE level. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Folding such displays lets users more quickly navigate such structure  , which is particularly useful for large hierarchies. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. CAD e.g. , maintainability 16  , 111  , deformable objects 2  , 5  , HI  , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 7  , 221  , protein folding 3 ,23  , 241. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. Once the hinges are capable of lifting the weight of the body  , a self-folding robot could transform from a planar structure to a fully operational machine without human intervention. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. In a poker game  , bluff strategy is usually dependent on the card hand strength. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In addition to having to find a number in the vicinity of " 1 million square miles "   , we also need to account for the fact that the passage may talk about square kilometers  , or acres. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. In this simulation  , the size of the cloth is 0.4 m × 0.4 m. Since the number of joints m  , n of the multi-link model is 20  , 20  , the link distance l is 0.02 m. In order to achieve dynamic folding of the cloth  , motion planning of the robot system is extremely important. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Many projects have already demonstrated substantial success in applying this idea to crowdsourcing settings; this applies most prominently for games-with-a purpose GWAPs 27  , which build a game narrative around human computation tasks such as image labeling 26  , protein folding  , 5 or language translation. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Index structures in this context hardly use a full literal as key elements for indexing  , but rather apply term based relevance scores and retrieval methods. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. A camera is positioned above the table with its visual axis forming an angle of 30° with the vertical  , in a way that the target edge appears at the lower edge of the acquired image. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. It implements a well-defined control structure for the control of the gripper. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. In addition  , in all phases of the maneuver  , the aircraft can benefit from the increased controllability offered by its wings without suffering significantly from increased drag. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. We illustrate our second example within I-Share  , Illinois' statewide integrated academic and research library system. Typical full-text indexing e.g. , as provided by Solr 2  analyzes the contents of each text page performing lexical transforms such as case folding  , stop-word removal and stemming and creates for each term an index entry with references to the pages on which the term appears see Figure 1   , top. 3 For simplicity  , we abstract from the precise locations in which the terms appear on each page. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. Consider the links of the 4 bar&structure shown in Figure 5  , with a mass of 0.24 mg/mm length. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. n  , the face of the same female individual was presen ed Emotional Faces database 25. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. This tree is then passed to the second phase which performs dead code removal of statements that can be proven unreachable or are never used in a computation affecting the output of the source program being optimized. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Robots must be small to fit in operating rooms which are packed with  , various precision machines; there is no small  , light surgery robot system that can rival our system. Some major robotics motivations for the study of the path planning problem are the paramount importance of efficient motion planners in the realization of highly autonomous robots and in the applications of robots in manufacturing  , space exploration and environment hazard cleaningup. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"  , food"  , medical"  , people"  , UN"  , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in Table 2Table 1shows a reduced representation of 4 factors from a 128 factor solu- tion. Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. These successes sparked a flurry of activity in which P R M motion planning techniques were applied to a number of challenging problems arising in a variety of fields including robotics e.g. , closed-chain  11  , 16  , CAD e.g. , maintainability 3  , 81   , deformable ob- jects 2  , 13   , and even computational Biology and Chemistry e.g. , ligand docking 4  , 181  , protein folding 19 ,20. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. , roads  , parks  , schools to permit locating them by alphabetic search rather than scanning the entire map; they are creased to permit folding to fit in a small space  , while at the same time allowing two far-away locations to be placed next to each other; they can be marked  , annotated  , and stuck with pins to record long  , complex routes and mark one's current location on that route; and the color scheme can be " dimmed " on parts of the map to indicate they imated maps allow the map user to dynamically choose what is zoomed and how much  , what is dimmed  , and what features are displayed on the map  , permitting a higher level of customization than informal actions like folding and marking. Maps have evolved over time to address scale issues  141. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. The overall system's capabilities 6  , 7 1 may be summarized as follows: i ability to 'pick and place " single and multiple limp material panels without causing damage  , distortion  , deformation or folding of the material  , ii a b i l i to operate with a reliability of 2 99%  , iii ability to perform material manipulation at a rate of 2 12 paneldminute as required by the industry' with a maximum manipulation rate of about 22 panels per minute  , iv abilii to handle the entire stack or a desired number of panels in a stack of material  , and  , v abillty to handle a wide variety of limp materials such as fabric  , leather  , sheet metals etc. , without having to change the physical configuration of the system. Ranking the words according to their scores. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. 7. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 1a and 1b. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. White et al. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. Susskind et al. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? We set out to address two questions. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 2 describes related work. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. Query Selection for Learning to Rank: For query level active learning  , Yilmaz et al. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Therefore  , we used only the MeSH-CD indexing strategy and the Metamap strategy for building the queries. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. Moreover  , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. However  , there are some significant problems in applying it to them. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Thus  , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. With these abundantly available user online activities   , recommending relevant items can be achieved more efficiently and effectively. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. It would be interesting to adopt deep learning in one or more of the tensor modes and assess its effectiveness on tensor completion. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. It is noteworthy that versions of MDR and ViNTs available on the Web allow for performing only data record extraction. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . The models were trained and fine-tuned using the deep learning framework Caffe 12. learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. More similar to our work  , Bengio et al. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e. , bottom-up and top-down transfer: The same architecture and training set as DL+BT except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. 8.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. We introduce a set of novel features to characterize user behaviors and task repetition patterns for this new problem Section 4.3. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. In this work  , we consider five such features namely gist  , texture  , color  , gradient and deep learning features. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Therefore  , capturing and integrating as much information as possible in a proper way is important for conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. The ARC approach is a CNN based method with convolutionary layers which construct sentence representations and produce the final matching scores via a MLP layer 7. The short-term history of the user was then used to recommend specific news articles within the selected groups. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. Recently  , ranking based objective function has shown to be more effective in giving better recommendation as shown in 11. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. In Section 3  , we describe the task modeling and proposed framework for conversation systems. We also consider recently published results on 44 datasets from a TSC-specific CNN implemen- tation 18. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. It demonstrates promise  , and warrants further investigation of deep learning applications to TSC. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. Character ngrams alone fare very well in these noisy data sets. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . It is given by To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. Our setup replicates the experiments in 27 to allow for comparing to their model. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. Therefore  , we have a dataset of 30 ,000 same length vectors. We randomly select 80% nodes as the training set and the rest as the testing set. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. For each type of metrics  , there are also some speed-up techniques that can be used to enhance the system such as integral image. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Thus higher resolution data with large number of training instances should be used in deep learning. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. Our model shows a considerable improvement on the first task beating recent stateof-the-art system. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Code is available at https://github.com/li-xirong/hierse Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We use the output of FC7  , the second fully-connected layer  , which results in a feature vector of length F = 4096. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. These crawlers are referred to as " deep crawlers " 10 or " hidden crawlers " 29 34 46. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. For continuous conversations  , contexts can be used to optimize the response selection for the given query. Gradients can be back-propagated all the way back from merging  , ranking  , sentence pairing  , to individual sentence modeling. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In this paper  , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . Therefore   , we are going to use the JoBimText framework 5  to create symbolic conceptualizations . Another future line of research will be performing human part segmentation in videos while exploiting the temporal context. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. Moreover  , our study sheds light on how to learn road segment importance from deep learning models. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. In particular  , we illustrate how to explore the congestion sources from eRCNN. All of our code and data is available from a public code repository and accompanying website 2 . Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We explain methods that can be used for learning the representations in matching 22  , 10  , 37  , translation 33  , 6  , 2  , 8  , classification 13  , 16  , 44  , and structured prediction 7  , 34  , 5. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We choose the dimensionality of our word embeddings to be 50 to be on the line with the deep learning model of 38. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. One challenge in using deep learning to model rich user features is the high dimension of the feature space which makes the learning inefficient and may impact the generalization ability of the model. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In the following  , we first describe our sentence model for mapping queries and documents to their intermediate representations and then describe how they can be used for learning semantic matching between input query-document pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Word vectors may also be useful for identifying terms that should be the focus of query expansion or terms that would be good expansion terms. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. This calls for feature reduction or feature extraction from the original set of features  , before going into classification. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. 2014 assume that the images belong to the same sentiment share the same low-level visual features is often not true  , because positive and negative images may have similar low-level visual features  , e.g. , two black-white images contain smiling and sad faces respectively. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. Customization support is done at the level of individual learning concepts and progressions  , not just at the level of broad course topics. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data. The key aspect of deep learning is that it automatically learns features from raw data using a generalpurpose learning procedure  , instead of designing features by human engineers6 .  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. Unsupervised hashing: Cross-View Hashing CVH 6 13 and Inter-Media Hashing IMH 4 20  are unsupervised hashing methods that extend spectral hashing to exploit the local structure of multimodal data for learning binary codes. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM. In this paper has been presented a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. In this work we have explored a machine learning technique namely deep learning with SAE to learn and represent weather features and use them to predict extreme rainfall events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. According t o the design methodology  , the heuristics for the MSP can be classified into problemtailored heuristics  13  , search-oriented heuristics 7   , arid learning-based heuristics a . This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. Recently  , it has been shown that the problem of semantic text matching can be efficiently tackled using distributional word matching   , where a large number of lexical semantic resources are used for matching questions with a candidate answer 33. On the other  , although ImageNet 6 can provide accurate supervised information  , the two significant gaps  , i.e. , the semantic distribution and visual appearance gaps between the two domains pose grand challenges to personal photo tagging. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. , He et al. Our model is primarily based on simple empirical statistics acquired from a training dataset and relies on a very small number of learned parameters. It also addresses the user cold start problem effectively since the model allows us to capture user interests from queries and recommend related items say music even if they do not have any history on using music services. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. In this work  , we presented a general recommendation framework that uses deep learning to match rich user features to items features. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Image. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . In our work  , we go beyond text-only features  , using visual features extracted from the ad creative image. Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? For each picture in our ground truth  , we query the MIT popularity API 8   , a recently proposed framework that automatically predicts image popularity scores in terms of normalized view count score given visual cues  , such as colors and deep learning features Khosla  , Das Sarma  , and Hamid 2014. We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. Since conversations are open with more than one appropriate responses  , MAP and nDCG scores indicate the full capacity of the retrieval systems. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. Specially  , learning semantic representations of review content using skipthought vectors and filling in missing values of aspect ratings show advantages on improving the accuracy of rating prediction. Experimental results show that high-quality representation of review content and complete aspect ratings play important roles in improving prediction accuracy. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. In practice  , the proposed deep learning approach often needs to handle a huge amount of training examples in high dimensional feature spaces for the user view. Experiments on several large-scale real-world data sets indicated that the proposed approach worked much better than other systems by large margin. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Further adding information about the crowd-indicated category gives us an extremely accurate model with an accuracy of 0.88. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. However  , our model uses it only to generate intermediate representation of input sentences for computing their similarity. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We propose a principled solution to handle the mixedscript term matching and spelling variation where the terms across the scripts are modelled jointly. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. So far  , our experiments reveal that the mere finding of the right features for this endeavor remains a challenging problem. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. However  , these hand-crafted descriptors are designed for general tasks to capture fixed visual patterns by pre-defined feature types and are not suitable for detecting some middle-level features that are shared and meaningful across two specific domains. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. Moreover   , different reformulations can capture different aspects of background information; their resulting ranked lists are further merged by a novel formula  , in which we consider the relatedness between the reformulated queries with context and the original one. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. In the future work  , we will apply our proposed model to the whole DBLP digital library to obtain a large-scale mentorship data set  , which will enable us to study the interesting application such as mentor recommendation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning  , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. So they exploit partially visual cues created by Web designers in order to help human users to make sense of Web pages contents. In general  , for facial expression recognition system  , there are three basic parts:  Face detection: Most of face detection methods can detect only frontal and near-frontal views of the fount. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. 1 We evaluate two deep learning solutions for TSC: a standard CNN and a bespoke CNN for TSC. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . In this paper we aim to develop a state-of-the-art method for detecting abusive language in user comments  , while also addressing the above deficiencies in the field. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. For tagging with batch-mode  , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Even if not all occurrences are used for training  , the large number of glyph examples  , sorted by quality  , makes it easier for OCR engineers to compose a good training set. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. For example  , Logan 6  vestigated Mel-frequency Cepstral Coefficients MFCCs as acoustic features and utilized Earth-Mover's distance to measure the similarity between songs for recommendation. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. Another approach to generate more training data is to automatically convert RDF triples to questions using entity and predicate names 10. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. 27 discussed the interleaving of ASR with IR systems and suggested to combine acoustic and semantic models to enhance performance. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The method proposed in this paper is completely automatic and no manual effort is required to the user. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. To the best of our knowledge  , no research has yet adequately addressed the problem of learning a global attribute schema from the Web for entities of a given entity type. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. As a result  , top performing systems in TREC e.g. , 21  focus on " deep " parsing of sentences and the production of logical representations of text in contrast with the lighter weight techniques used by KNOWITALL. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces  , intensity  , and simple contextual metrics. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. In a related work 3  , a deep learning based semantic embedding method is proposed. This is due to a very large number of misspellings and words occurring only once hence they are filted by the word2vec tool. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. Configuration of the system can be achieved by users without deep robotics knowledge  , using kinesthetic teaching to gather training data intrinsically containing constraints given by the environment or required by the intended task. All three demonstrated they understood the difference between accidental and intentional acts. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. This approach is also known as the greedy layerwise unsupervised pre-training. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. In order for find a relevant solution  , the system needs to search over multiple combinations of PMR problem aspects and technical document and find the best matches. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. Most often  , producing a better representation ψ that encodes various aspects of similarity between the input querydocument pairs plays a far more important role in training an accurate reranker than choosing between different ranking approaches. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. On exploring the columns individually in Table 1   , we notice that the color histogram alone gives a fairly low rank correlation ranging between 0.12 and 0.23 across the three datasets  , but texture  , and gradient features perform significantly better improving the performance ranges to 0.20 to 0.32 and 0.26 to 0.34 respectively. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. The students who only used the digital libraries were more involved in activities such as conducting information searches  , skimming a website to locate a piece of specific information  , and copying information from the websites—activities that provide less opportunities for deep learning to occur than the high-level cognitive activities performed by the IdeaKeeper students 5. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8. Additional regions could be found  , along with additional paths connecting them.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. In this paper  , we propose a deep learning based advisor-advisee relationships 1 http://genealogy.math.ndsu.nodak.edu/index.php 2 http://academictree.org/ 3 http://phdtree.org/ Permission to make digital or hard copies of part or all of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In this case  , we assume that user's preferences are composed of two components: the long-term preference which reflects the fairly stable interests of the users based on their online activities; and the temporal interests which represents the users' current immanent need/interests. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. For example   , LOD ontologies vary widely; they can be very small at the schema level  , shallow  , and poorly axiomatized such as GeoNames  , 1 large with medium depth and medium axiomatization such as in DBpedia  , 2 or large  , deep  , and richly axiomatized such as Yago. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. 0 Motion prediction. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. , array of floating point values. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. Fast Fourier Transform. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. 1for an example spectrogram. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. The distribution is of the form We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Prior to setting up a closed-loop control system  , we investigated the dynamic response of the sensorized fingers. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. In the past  , several researchers have addressed the problem of registering two images obtained from different viewpoints. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. By averaging the values of pixels having the same y-coordinate in the stripe region  , an array of 24 intensity values along the stripe region in the x direction is obtained. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The waveform is split into frames often computed every 10-25 milliseconds ms using an overlapping window of 5-10 ms 9. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. In order to maximize the cortical activity signal and minimize muscle-related activity and other artifactual noise  , we included only the 20 centrally located electrodes. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. An array representation of the spaces is constructed  , which ultimately limits the current approach to observers  , that have only a few degrees of freedom. We discarded the leading one second of each trial to remove any transient effects. Used features. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. This study was conducted following the kinematcis classification from an electromyographical point of view  , based on time and frequency domains. Sharp pixel proportion 4 1 Photographs that are out of focus are usually regarded as poor photographs  , and blurriness can be considered as one of the most important features for determining the quality of the photographs. Two aspects of the new system can be underlined: the features are extracted without needing a specific key-pass phase  , and these extracted features belong to three different domains: time  , frequency  , and time-frequency more details about them in 1. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. The capability to find time-sequences or subsequences that are " similar " to a given sequence or to be able to find all pairs of similar sequences has several applications  , including  Permiasion to copy without fee all 01 part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made OT distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear   , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the In l  , an indexing structure was proposed for fast similarity searches over time-series databases  , assuming that the data aa well as query sequences were of the same length. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. 14 As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Model fitting. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. Table lsummerizes the results. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. Model modifications are described in Section 3. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. This has been observed in some early studies 8. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Berberich et al. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . To avoid problems of over-fitting  , we regularize the model weights using L2 regularization. The mixed-effects model in Eq. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. , do not allow online update of parameters. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. p~ ~  ,. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. ~. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. to any application. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Figure 2awas taken from these data. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. quasi-Newton method. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. The next section will discuss the classification method. This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. 12bottom. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors. To overcome the disadvantage some efforts have been taken. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. In particular  , many researchers have focused on isolating synchronization behaviors in response to timing changes. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. In the searching step  , we test the variables using an α-investing rule and in a sequential manner. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. Furthermore  , ExpoMF with content covariates outperforms a state-of-the-art document recommendation model 30. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. The line fitting error can be approximated by circular Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. The impedance with which a human expert manipulates a tool was identified by measuring the expert motion. Then  , by using a line fitting procedure  , a fitted line segment is used to model each clus- ter. Such a model is described in terms of the marginals it fits and the dependencies that are assumed to be present in the data. For different parameters  , it calculates the maximum probability that a parameterized model generates the data exactly matching the original  , and chooses the parameters that maximizes such probability. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. The contact event sets for the classifier are modeled as multinomial distributions 29 with nominal labels assigned to each event class. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. The location of the actual edge is then determined by fitting a line over all " peak " pixels associated with each visible edge. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. Pose orientation error was determined by measuring Ihe angular deviation of an axis of the model from the known ground truth axis direction. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. A summary hierarchy  As shown in the procedure  , to achieve the space limitation in the streaming environment  , the number of fitting models maintained at each level is limited to be the maximum number of . In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. While there may be statistical issues with fitting and evaluating the models on the same data if one wanted to use the models for predictive behavior   , we are here particularly interested in which models best fit and hence explain the data. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. However  , to provide a better data fitting  , more expensive models including more parameters are needed. Nagelkerke pseudo R 2 was 0.35  , which hints that the model explains about 35 % of the variation in interest scores. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. As shown in the figure  , our approach achieved high fitting accuracy. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. We observe a slightly positive effect from abstract bolding  , although the effect is not significant with 95% confidence. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . A 980-node surface model is then computed by fitting a deformable surface as shown in Figure 12b. The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. A detailed model of the tyre friction forces was incorporated in the simulation. Rehg 4 implemented a system called DigitEyes which tracked an unadorned hand using line and point features . There are something good and something bad. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. Therefore  , the unvisited POIs also contribute to learning the model  , while they are ignored in conventional MF. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. By fitting data to parameterized models  , surface or boundary-based representations impose strong geometric assumptions on the sensor data. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. are quasi-static and the object is supposed to be planar or at least convex. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Although we require the original target variable to do this  , an important property is demonstrated. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. Note that the fitting curve and the average error are shown in Fig. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The model image shows the results of surfacing from range data. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. We note that this results in faster convergence for the already computed dimensions. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. For these tests  , the ceiling was left off to aid in viewing  , but would in practice provide information for the fitting routine. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. An invariant fitting theorem which works for algebraic curves of any degree was introduced. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. Calculate angle and distance to the reflecting point by fitting TOFs of the same objects with Formula 3  , and finding L and 60 Fig.4. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. We induce m language models  , one per hashtag. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . Fitting different models for navigational and informational queries leads to 2.5% better LL for DCM compared with a previous implementation in 7 on the same data set average LL = -1.327. A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. Still  , these repositories need to keep evolving in order to avoid techniques over-fitting the body of artifacts available and to better represent the universe of artifacts. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. Second  , we wanted to prevent over-fitting of the field defect prediction adjustment model i.e. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. We used the TREC 2009 web track ad hoc queries and judgments as our training data. For example  , the performance with K = 30 is worse than the that with K = 20. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. Since our task is classification  , we optimize for the deviance loss function 9. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. These values are listed in Table II. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. We also express the model constraints in a coordinate invariant form as pairwise relations between primitives. For a given temperature rise  , free strain recovery of SMA wire can be calculated using Brinson's one dimensional constitutive model With reduced dimensions  , the generalization ability can be improved. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Such a model generalize to new campaigns if we can estimate the unknown coefficients gi for each user feature i from the training data. 1 is to maximize the log-likelihood of the training data. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. The choice is motivated bytheshape of the observed reliability growth curve. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. The procedural model is fast  , robust  , and easy to maintain. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. An approximate line load was applied normally at 0.6 mm steps along 2 while recording one tactel dots in Fig. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. A bounded sensor observation  , instead of lending statistical weight to some parameter vector  , constrains the parameters to a set. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. Prior to fitting the 19 measurements in the model in Fig. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. Since all retrieval runs tend to be truncated for practical reasons  , truncation is an important factor for fitting any distribution. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. where Iij is an indicator whose value is 1 when consumer i purchased good j in the dataset  , and 0 otherwise. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. Then the model chooses T template configurations from the candidate pool  , θ  , to best explain the generation of queries. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. We evaluate the six graph models using the Facebook graphs listed in Table 1 . The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. Several previous studies have proposed strategies for estimating retrieval costs 7  , 25. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. Obviously  , this type of distortion can also be applied to the ellipsoidal model of Chavarria Garza. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. For example  , if a fingertip encounters a ridge  , some specific strategies may be used to determine the size and extent length of the feature . The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Fitting the proposed model to POS data  , interesting and practically important results are obtained. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. Step 5 is improved using a model selection criterium to mitigate the over-fitting problem. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. The last one was the model that best fitted D δ   , and its parameters are presented in Table 2  , along with the goodness of fitting measure Adjusted-R 2 . Our model construction approach was similar to the so-called growth modelling 6  , in which first null models without predictors are fitted and then both random and fixed factors are progressively introduced to the model. Columns show project  , model 1 -the full model in Equation 3 and 2 -the simplified model from Equation 4  , degrees of freedom  , log-Likelihood  , likelihood ratio  , and p-value for the test comparing the full and the simplified models. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. This illustrates a flaw in the model-free learning system paradigm: failing to separate controllable mechanisms from uncontrollable environment can lead to learning a controller that is fragile with respect to the behaviour of the environ- ment. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. In this paper  , in order to cope with a personal variety of the shape of the body  , a surface model  , which fits the bedridden person  , is imported to the tracking system . This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. We take a different approach of matching a model to the observed points  , commonly used in the robotics community. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. On the other hand  , BaySail is able to provide full distributional information  , which avoids these problems. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. This indicates that the information about curvature is contained in the data  , however the model used to estimate curvature is not quite correct. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. Good curve fitting results are achieved with R square of 0.869 in the priority job model and with R squire of 0.889 in the regular job model. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. There is a very good fit between the sequence of actual positions of the instrument tip and the theoretical values. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. In order to perform accurate positioning  , Dudek and Mackenzie 2 composed sonar based maps where explicit model objects were constructed out of sonar reading distribution in space.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. ZAZM: The particular model form with best BIC fit is the ZAZM Zero-Adjusted Zipf-Mandelbrot model for both datasets. Please note that the willingness  , capability  , and constraint functions are all parametric. Running experiments on a Dell 2900 server w/ 32GB of RAM  , most models can be fit to the largest of our graphs New York  , 3.6M edges within 48 hours. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. In contrast to C++ or Smalltalk based OODBs  , its object model is a binary standard  , not a language API  , and is very strongly interface-based  , rather than class-based. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. The translationall velocil.ies matched well  , but the measured rotational velocities were much larger than predicted. This can be done by computing B i X −1 p i where p i are the segmented model points in the first case  , and the segmented bead in the second case. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. First  , we need a basic assumption of what the distributions will look like. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Assess models and reliability: After fitting our defect models   , we measure how well a model can discriminate between the potential response using the Area Under the receiver operating characteristic Curve AUC 17. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. Second  , there is a difference in the model to be discovered. For robust verification with the fitting test  , we have to be sure that the hypotheses corresponding to surfaces with bigger area are tested before those corresponding to surfaces with smaller area. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. EM addresses the problem of fitting a model to data in cases where the solution cannot be easily determined analytically. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Conversely  , knowing the parameters of the model  , a search for compatible image points can be accomplished by pattern classification methods. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. As shown in the following experiments  , the best model on current data may have bad performances on future data  , in other words  , P M  is changing and we could never estimate the true P M  and when and how it would change. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Comparing the temporal SSM models versus the baselines  , we observe that for the General class of queries the model that smooths surprises performs the best. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. Further  , fitting w using a power law with exponential cutoff as described above results in a model requiring only three parameters that provides explanations nearly identical in quality to the model produced by pointwise inference of w at all possible lo- cations. The " full " model is trained on all observed names across all 129 years whereas the " slidingwindow " models consist of a series of submodels each of which is trained using observations for a given year +/-a window of 4 years: 1880 1888  , 1889 1897  ,   , 2000 20088. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. In 13 the different behaviors shown by static and dynamic friction models Dahl model in the rendering of the friction phenomena acting on the tendon-based driving system have been evaluated  , and the better physical resemblance of the Dahl friction model has been reported. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. However  , MF approaches have also encountered a number of problems in real-world recommender systems  , such as data sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability . One method of removing robots is to identify them with outliers and remove outliers. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. Due to the characteristics of the organization  , in the case of NP  , the application of the humanistic change strategy seemed most adequate. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Heaps Law requires extra model parameters  , α and β  , that are derived from the input collection. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. Regularization via ℓ 1 norm uses the sum of absolute values of parameters and thus has the effect of causing many parameters to be zero and selecting a sparse model as solution 14  , 26. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. The selected edges represent discontinuities in color and lie inside of a planar surface to avoid errors caused by edges at the boundary between two surfaces. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. , VARI- MAX 22 rotation. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. Horizon fitting selects a horizon of training data from the stream that corresponds to a variablelength window of the most recent contiguous data chunks. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. , increased model complexity  , which results in over fitting the data. This is because higher values of θ result in highly similar pattern clusters that represent specific semantic relations. Model Parameters. In our experiments  , after computing the metrics per user  , we averaged the results over all users and reported the results for Mean Average Precision@k MAP@k and Mean NDCG@k. We varied k from 1 to 10 as this is usually the size of a recommendation list fitting a device's screen.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. Applying this rule to the functions defining a 95% confidence band for the DPM-curve yields a 95% confidence interval for the total number of defects e.g. , 64 to 85 in figure 1. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. , of constructing a model that fits only because it is very complex in comparison to the amount of data  , we always evaluate on one benchmark at a time  , using the other benchmarks as training data. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. The weighted average of the user's last few link selections is passed to the search engine; results are then dynamically combined into a hypertext document. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. Our proposed approach uses a low latency multi-scale voxelization strategy that is capable of accurately estimating the shape and pose parameters of relevant objects in a scene. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. At this time  , the side edge is joined slopes in stead of steps  , so zigzag is reduced obviously. The first line runs a paired t-test; in the second one the response variable y is explicitly written as a function of a fixed effect system and a random effect Errortopic. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. We take the 25% and 75% quantile of the values of a variable as its low and high level  , respectively . However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. The objective of feature fusion is to combine multiple features at an early stage to construct a single model. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. While some attributes may be shared across different objects and placing areas  , there are some attributes that are specific to the particular setting. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. This learning method focuses on those portions in which a long-time is spent  , even though the movement slightly changes because those portions are of great importance in achieving the task. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. Figure 3shows the endpoints of the rays superimposed on the ground truth model for one of the simulated models. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. , several superimposed leaves may fall in the same region  , and regions including few points may lead to a relatively large fitting error. The surface model provides the position and orientation of each leaf. The core idea of our method is based on the notion that surface boundaries are in most cases represented by an edge in the color image. This allows us to write the local error for segment k as: Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. For demonstration purposes here  , a method of smoothing only line segments within a laser scan  , while leaving alI other parts of the scan in tact can successfully meet our requirements to segment laser data and extract lines. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. In particular   , the experiments concerned the induction and performance evaluation of rules for the identification of the class of a document  , according to its logical components organized in a logical structure. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. In the training stage  , the proper decreasing ratio is set to grow the tree; then the tree is pruned to achieve the best performance by avoiding over fitting with the training set. However  , when the attribute vectors that describe objects are in very high dimensional space  , these supervised ordering methods are degraded in prediction performance . By controlling for quality and position  , statistically significant positive estimates of wT and wA would imply that click behavior is biased towards more attractive titles and abstracts  , respectively   , beyond their correlation with relevance. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. This suggests that a generally more reliable group is more likely to be reliable on a particular object. Recall that the mean of a set of points in R n is the point that minimizes the sum of squared residuals . We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. At each re-training step  , a test set is used to compute the transliteration accuracy  , and the training is continued till the point when transliteration accuracy starts decreasing  , due to over-fitting. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. However  , the improved performance is only guaranteed for the training data  , which is simply a sample from the underlying population of relevant documents which may not adequately characterize its true distribution. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Semi-Supervised Learning Merging SSL 27 uses curve fitting model to calculate comparable document scores from different sources for result merging. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. The pixeUfeature error is about 5 pixels for the image-based techniques and about 15 pixels for point based techniques. Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In the second view  , however  , the surfaces can be distinguished  , and  , using the segmentation procedure  , separated  , and fitted by a surface model. Normalization of certain AE sensor features such as amplitude and ASL was found to improve classification accuracy over non-normalized features  , primarily due to numerical precision when calculating feature weights β j . We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. With our approach  , an object surface is divided into a set of cross section curves  , with closed B-spline curve used to reconstruct each of them by fitting to partial data points. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. For example  , consider the task of recognizing the U-shaped pipe fitting in the left scene of Figure2. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. , closed itemsets  , we seek to select k itemsets whose segments cover the numerical data with as well-fitting models as possible. If the birds occur close together and in areas with similar rainfall  , this model is a good fit to the segment. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. Empirical modelling  , which focuses on the concepts of observation and data fitting from real experiments was used to characterize the behaviour of the PMA. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. In Figure 4we showed the slopes ρ of the OR fitting for the IEDs of all individuals of our datasets. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. Indeed  , the average estimated attrition for individuals in completed chains is 3% lower than the average estimated attrition for individuals in incomplete chains. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. 2 j we see a fairly wide range of variances across the beers. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play  , with objects as actors. This is our estimate for the runtime frequency of the path. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. Furthermore  , in contrast to reported analytic techniques based on differential geometry 3 ,4  , 10 ,121  , our method does not require an edge correspondence problem to be solved or a smoothness assumption to be made about the object's surface  , and it produces an integrated  , consistent model from the data. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. It is applicable to arbitrary shapes: -It does not require curve fitting or matrix inversion -It does not require a Jacobian or silhouette image to generate error/correction terms. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. The first one is the residual-based stiffness estimator in 14. In order to obtain actor and director information  , we downloaded relevant pages from the Internet Movie Database http://www.imdb.com. Since the subjects were instructed to favor accuracy over task time  , each trial was completed when the subject deemed that the closest fit hacl been attained. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. A method of voting for object centroids followed by a model fitting step was described in 20  , but we assume having no CAD models for test objects in this paper. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. In the 3D graphics system  , a layered oriented tight-fitting bounding box tree has been established to approximate to each geometrical model of fingers and objects for grasping. Furthermore  , if the screw length were to be halved  , the maximum curvature would increase by more than a factor of two. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Due to this dynamics of degree distribution  , SLIM and ELIM which assume static degree distribution  , will not do well in fitting the observed diffusion data particularly in the later time steps. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. This might be due to over-fitting the training data with more RBFs. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models. For most models  , the performance increases as the model learns good weights and then stabilizes at a slightly lower value  , which can be attributed to the opposing effects of over-fitting and of the stabilizing effect of the regularization coefficients.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. Thus  , they can be immediately used for efficient ad selection from a very large corpus of ads. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " The modeler wants " all the data  , " but only for purposes of fitting and comparing models that help to explain the data. In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. On the other hand  , some discovered topics do not have a clear relationship with the initial LIWC categories  , such as the abbreviations and acronyms in Discrepancy category. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. It is interesting to observe that batch size equal to 1/2 day gives the best performance. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. The model is specified by a set of parameters  , including the estimate of the susceptible population  , and the transition probabilities between different states. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. As independent input variables  , we provided single-vote averages and covered range  , both appearing as first-order and second-order polynomials  , i.e. , SVA and CR  , and SVA 2 and CR 2   , respectively. This suggests that ad groups are very homogeneous   , and we would expect clicks from different terms in an ad group to have similar values to the advertiser. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Given the fact that arbitrary baselines can take any form  , it is thus impossible to model them with polynomials or splines. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. The reason is that GeoMF addresses the data sparsity problem by fitting both nonzero and zero check-ins with different weights  , which is less reasonable than our ranking methodology because zero check-ins may be missing values and should not be fitted directly. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. An example is given in Figure 1where α is 0.88 if we force f1 to be the actual value. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. Finally  , the retweet activity in a bin A k is calculated from the estimated retweet rate , One problem with using R-square as a measure of goodness of fitting is that it never decreases in that it adds more regressors. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. The cross-validated correlation is the correlation between the model prediction and the leave-one-out predic- tions. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. , the interaction model motivated in Section 3  , and the values of ⃗ x is determined by specific types of user behavior. In a typical machine learning scenario h· would be selected from a pool of possible hypotheses by fitting example pairs of y and ⃗ x. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. Applying the same fitting procedures described in Section VI-D to the torsion free case  , we first determined a tip error of 24.78 mm 54.32 mm maximum. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. When two robots are within the same " node " of the map  , they can localize with the same landmarks and operate in a common coordinate system. For example  , measurements made by the Polhemus sensor are transmitted as an electromagnetic signal  , and so can have errors introduced by metallic objects or stray magnetic fields existing in the vicinity of the sensor contain error. We start with a brief introduction to the 4-bar legs in Section 2 followed by a modeling discussion in Section 3 that introduces a polynomial representation of the empirical funct ,ion relating strain nieasurement to leg configuration . Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. All of these computations are subject t o error. Thus  , t o compute a stick model of an object  , we first thin the range image of the object  , and then compute a stick description in a manner analogous t o that for fitting superquadrics. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. Employing an α-investing rule allows us to test an infinite stream of hypotheses  , while at the same time control mFDR. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. With bad fitting models  , it is often the case that multiple assumptions fail simultaneously  , and the plots exhibit non-random patterns. We seek to predict household income from age in years  , education 16 levels  , marital status 7 levels  , and sex 2 levels. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . Grounded theory 27 is a method often used in Social Science to extract relevant concepts from unstructured corpora of natural language resources e.g. , texts  , interviews  , or questionnaires. There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. On the other hand  , the green curve quasi-steady model is symmetric with respect to its local maxima so the quasi-steady model does not distinguish between the stroke acceleration phase and the stroke deceleration phase. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The final model is believed to be a plausible representation that will aid in further experimental studies  , physical modeling  , and numerical simulation to ultimately result in an improved model with a high degree of confidence for magnetic-screw path planning in soft tissue. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. Section 3 describes ways to obtain data on software changes and describes a method to estimate effort for a software change. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We also observe that training can improve the prediction performance for short observation windows T < 24 hours  , and that the model with training provides accurate predictions  , even for very short observation windows   , such as T = 1 hour. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. In practice  , we can estimate {a  , b  , c  , d  , f  , PIQ} by fitting the data collected in a short initial monitoring period into Equation 1-3 the time window for data collection in all of our experiments is 20 weeks  , and input the fitted parameters into our model to forecast the number of active users in the future. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . The subgraph frequency of Gn ,p at the edge density corresponding to the data is shown as a black dashed line in each plot — with poor agreement — and gray dashed lines illustrate an incremental transition in   , starting from zero when it corresponds to Gn ,p and ending at opt . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. , MMRE  , MEMRE often affect negatively the overall model accuracy  , while absolute measures e.g. , SAE seem to not have any detrimental effect. Many different indicators can be used to evaluate the accuracy of the estimates see Section 2. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. Comparing figure 10with figure 7b shows that the accuracy is similar to our previous experiments where the exact robot distance t o the obstacle was measured. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . Since we predict cascade statistics  , our work also relates to research on fitting empirical data to parsimonious statistical models 1  , 5 . The part µ/e has to be higher than 0 to avoid ∆ k to converge to 0 and has to be divided by the Euler's number e to make the median of the generated IED around the target median µ more details in the Appendix A. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. At the same time  , changes performed using VE were of the same difficulty requiring a statistically insignificant 7% increase in effort as changes with no #version lines at all &E versus @NONE. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. The averaged tactile sensor data  , which is independent of the force data  , has a standard deviation of 0.4 % peak strain so we expect a fitting error of 0.9 % peak strain. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. We prefer to consider the problem in terms of sum square error  , but each view affords its own useful insight. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. A model that optimizes for the log-likelihood or perplexity score risks over-fitting the parameters to these noisy tweets. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. That is  , in 28  , a single persistence probability p is shared by results at all ranks; and the probability that a user examines the result at rank r is p r−1 . To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. As was discussed earlier  , in order use the model to generalize from labeled to unlabeled date e.g. , to assign relevance ranking values to unlabeled documents based on some relevance judgments we must incorporate a prior so as to avoid over-fitting the labeled data. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. A value of 1.65 R was found  , as compared to the datasheet value of 1.33 Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. To conclude the study in this paper  , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping  , at the levels of words  , word combinations  , and word-category associations. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. This is the primary reason why a straightforward approach to personalization  , that consists of learning the model for each user only from that user's past transactions  , fails for the personalization task with the Web data. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. For 7 and 6  , they used a topic-variation matrix per region  , which might be too expensive to be applied over a large number of regions while the authors in those papers found that their model peaks at around 50 regions and 10 topics and the predictive performance deteriorates otherwise for excessive number of parameters   , resulting in over-fitting. Figure 1shows our discoveries related to the video game industry consisting of d = 4 activities  , namely  , the search volumes for " Xbox " x1  , " PS2  , PS3 " x2  , " Wii " x3  , and " Android " x4  , taken from Google  , 2 and spanning over a decade 2004-2014  , with weekly measurements. To estimate the desired distributions   , we assume that the correct distribution is one member of some specific family of distributions and  , based on the query-related information provided  , we attempt to choose a plausible distribution from that family. The concluding ' Section 5 is briefly concluding the method and presents its prospective applications including comments on feasibility of the hardware implementation. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. We would like to evaluate a new ranking model by comparing with a baseline  , and looking at the difference in the chosen metric. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . Three participants spoke about the importance of commencing assessment of text encoding requirements at a higher level of abstraction than the TEI's model of a text as important. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. This was somewhat surprising  , since i one of our assumptions was that " fact " classifications were being triggered by stories having a higher than normal density of numbers and names versus " opinions " that might have higher than normal densities of adjectives and common nouns; ii at first glance  , fact based sentences seem shorter compared to opinion sentences  , but this does not make a difference in the classifier accuracy  , and does not carry over to article length either. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. RQ4. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. RQ3. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. The LSTM configuration is illustrated in Figure 2b.  Neural Responding Machine. Table 1summarizes the results. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. To implement the TDSSM and MR-TDSSM  , we used Theano 1 and Keras 2 . From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . RQ6 a. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. In our case  , the size of the encN is 256. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . RQ6 b. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Fig- ure 3 and at all ranks Figure 4. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. I use WebScope Yahoo! The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. , s2. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. RQ1 Does the distributed representation-based approach that models user behavior as a sequence of distributed vector representations have better predictive abilities than the PGMbased approach that models user behavior as a sequence of observed and hidden events ? σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. We find that the subspaces of s0 and s1 are well separated from the subspaces of sr computed at lower positions; the subspaces of s2 and s3 are also separated from the subspaces of sr computed for other ranks  , but have a significant overlap with each other. Interestingly  , the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing no clicks on the first six documents d = 0 has a larger overlap with the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing a click on the second position d = 5 than with the subspace corresponding to query sessions containing a click on the first position d = 6. For future work  , we plan to extend the method to include: 1 Augmentation of data through reordering the words in the tweets to make the model robust to word-order  , 2 Exploiting attention mechanism 8 in our model to improve alignment of words in tweets during decoding  , which could improve the overall performance. This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. Furthermore  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having the same click pattern in our case  , no clicks the subspaces of sr are even better separated by ranks. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. A hidden unit is said to be active or firing if it's output is close to 1 and inactive if it's output is close to 0. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. As shown in Fig. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. 2 is the regularization term and λ is the weight decay parameter. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. 2 by gradient descent. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. 4 Yahoo! 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. In training  , an autoencoder is given the input x ∈ R n as both training instance and label. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. WD " denotes the weitht decay term used to constrain the magnitude of the weights connecting each layer. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. In this paper  , we have introduced a novel pooling method R 2 FP  , together with its local and global versions  , for extracting features from feature maps learned through a sparse autoencoder. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We wanted to determine whether it was possible to automatically induce a hierarchical tag structure that corresponded to the way in which a human would perform this task. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Probabilistic CLIR. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. This is not CLIR  , but is used as a reference point with which CLIR performance is compared. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Parallel texts have been used in several studies on CLIR 2  , 6  , 19. tasks. There might be two possible reasons. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. The paper is arranged as follows. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. CLIR performance observed for this query set. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Test II: Combined Models. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. 2 In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Sheridan et al. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. 'h LCA expansion has higher precision at low recall levels. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . This results in decreased precision. It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. This result confirms the intuition. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The need of CLIR systems in today's world is obvious. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. The effect of QR for NLP is investigated by evaluating the baseline method for query translation  , which is a typical task for CLIR. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. We are however confident that participants receive valuable results from their evaluation through the CLIR track. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. The translations using triples showed three main benefits: a more precise translation; an extension of the coverage of the bilingual dictionary; and the possibility to train the model using unrelated bilingual corpora. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. We therefore feel that our monolingual baseline for Chinese is a reasonable one. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. Our thesaurus based CLIR approach seeks to overcome both problems  , allowing free-text user queries and considering the free-text portions of documents during retrieval. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. It is about 10 times as fast as our CLIR system in the above experiments. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. This challenge has contributed to the increasing popularity of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR among researchers in the Information Retrieval IR community in recent years. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as shown in various submissions to the CLIR tracks of TREC  , researchers often failed to locate resources  , either free or commercial  , for translating directly between major However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The proposed CLIR system provides two different components for transforming the queries formulated by users into the final ones performed on the index. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. It has even been suggested that CLIR evaluations may be measuring resource quality foremost or equivalently  , financial status 7. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. The alignments are then used for building a cross-language information retrieval system  , and the results of this system using the TREC-6 CLIR data are given. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. In CLIR  , PRF can be used prior or post translation or both for pre/post-translation query expansion see  , 16. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. To further test the quality of the suggested queries  , CLQS system is used as a query " translation " system in CLIR tasks. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Past studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Oard  , 1998; Ballesteros and Croft  , 1998. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. More recently the generalized vector space model has shown good potential for CLIR 6. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. , near cognates. The purpose of this paper is to investigate the necessity of translating query terms  , which might differ from one term to another. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR  , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 10  , 15  , 1  , 21 . Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. In our method k is a parameter of the MDS-projection and results were computed by placing all test documents into the English maps. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. Most cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems work by translating words from the source i.e. , query language to the target i.e. , document language. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. In Oard's hierarchical classification scheme of the CLIR methods 17  , our work falls under the thesaurus based free-text CLIR category. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. We highlight that query terms needing no translation may result from intrinsical ineffectiveness in CLIR  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Consider the query: " Peru President  , Fujimori  , bribery scandal  , the 2000 election  , exile abroad  , impeach  , Congress of Peru "   , which is obtained based on the description field from a NTCIR-5 English-Chinese CLIR topic after stop words removal. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. Therefore  , our findings should only be interpreted as the meaning matching technique could potentially outperform one of the best known query translation techniques. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Since patents are often written in different languages  , cross-language information retrieval CLIR is usually an essential component of effective patent search. Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. Furthermore   , these texts are often mixed with English  , which makes detection of transliterated text quite difficult. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Ongoing research includes word sense disambiguation  , phrasal translation and thesauri enrichment. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. English  , within a collection D. More formally  , documents should be ranked according to the posterior probability: This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. In other words  , query translation may cause deterioration of CLIR performance. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. A second experiment dealt with score normalisation. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. Finally  , in Section 6  , we present our conclusions. This is also observed in our experiments. However  , recent studies show that CLIR results can be better than monolingual retrieval results 24. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. These properties make it the ideal search strategy in an interactive CLIR environment. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. Here  , we approach these questions from a practical standpoint. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. The best combination of them is used for our Chinese monolingual IR. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. Section 6 presents experimental results and Section 7 compares the presented CLIR method to other statistical approaches found in the literature . The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The 11-point P-R curves are drawn in Figure 3. The runs which do candidate selection fig. On the other hand  , a few topics especially topics 209 and 229 benefit strongly from the CLIR approach. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. Their research also supports the findings of Hull and Grefenstette 14 that phrase translations are important for CLIR. Another possible solution to the problem of translation ambiguity is by using word sense disambiguation. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Phrase identification probably favoured the baseline queries. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Most IR queries are quite short  , i.e. , they are most words or phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Finally  , Section 6 concludes. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. A few investigations have examined the effect of resource size on CLIR performance. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. For example  , " violation " in query #56 is translated to the more common " " rather than " -- " . Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. Finally  , we present our conclusion in Section 6. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. Statistical significance test i.e. , t-test is also employed. This probably favoured the baseline queries. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Statistical t-test 13 is conducted to indicate whether the CLQS-based CLIR performs significantly better. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. 1.0. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Nie 2 exposes in detail the need for cross-language and multilingual IR. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Each topic has three versions  , Arabic  , English and French. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Currently disambiguation in Twenty-One can be pursued in four ways: Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. In CLIR  , essentially either queries or documents or both need to be translated from one language to another. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. Table 3summarises the results of our " swap " experiments using the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese and Japanese data. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. At first glance  , MT seems to be the ideal tool for CLIR. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. 5b and 5c seem to benefit more from the CLIR approach. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. In Section 2  , we present our transliteration techniques. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. Our method is unable to deal with the translation of non-compositional NPs. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. The advantage of this calculation is its efficiency  , compared to that of WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. Other examples of the use of CLIR are given by Oard and Dorr 1996. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. Context features are effective through inspecting retrieval results  , but such features meantime suffer from higher cost of computation. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Section 5 concludes this work. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. However  , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. Both resources are expressed with SKOS format. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. Table 2shows the performance of single retrieval systems according to MAP  , NDCG  , and PRES. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. Finally  , we summarize our work. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. We refer the readers to the paper in 1 for details. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. ACM 978-1-60558-483-6/09/07. For the former  , the average precision was 0.28  , and for the latter 0.20. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Documents were then ranked based on the combined scores. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. Work at ETH has focused SB96  on using In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . The second and third query versions Q' Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. words translation 7. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. EDR and EDICT bilingual Japanese-English dictionaries were used in translation. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. Our results confirmed our intuition. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. Many questions need to be answered. 3 Finally  , there are still rooms to improve the utilization of a probabilistic model for CLIR. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. We expect better results when the initial concept recognition is more complete. The results have shown that the use of domain-specific resources for enriching the document representation and for performing a semantic expansion of queries is a suitable approach for improving the effectiveness of CLIR systems. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. Increased availabMy of on-line text in languages other than English and increased multi-national collaboration have motivated research in cross-language information retrieval CLIR -the development of systems to perform retrieval across languages. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In this paper  , presently known techniques for query-time replacement are reviewed  , new techniques that leverage estimates of replacement probabilities are introduced  , and experiment results that demonstrate improved retrieval effectiveness in two applications Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and retrieval of scanned documents based on Optical Character Recognition OCR are presented. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. International organizations  , governments of multi-lingual countries  , to name the most important ones  , have been traditional users of CLIR systems. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. The result of our study suggests that the two major research issues in CLIR  , namely  , term ambiguity and phrase recognition and translation 3  , 4  , 10  , are also the main sources of problem in dictionary-based query translation techniques. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. For the official CLIR runs we tried these following configurations: For the post-hoc experiments  , we used PSE  , pre-translation query expansion  , one of four methods Pirkola's method  , Weighted TF  , Weighted DF  , or Weighted TF/DF  , and a probability threshold that was varied between 0.1 and 0.7 in increments of 0.1. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. The CLEF evaluation campaigns are  , probably  , the largest and most comprehensive research initiative for CLIR; but they are far from being complete. Queries were automatically formed from the title and description elds  , and we automatically performed limited stop structure removal based on a list of typical stop structure observed in earlier TREC queries e.g. , A relevant document will contain". Examples of these approaches are presented in 3 and 4 where frequency statistics are used for selecting the translation of a term; contrariwise  , in 5 and 6 more sophisticated techniques exploiting term co-occurrence statistics are described. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. Tanaka- Ishii and Nakagawa 32 developed a tool for language learners to perform multilingual search to find usage of foreign languages. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. A example is to run Microsoft WORD 1.0 on a Linux operating system emulating Windows 3.1. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In 15 a cross-language medical information retrieval system has been implemented by exploiting for translations   , a thesaurus enriched with medical information. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. A technique that can be used to alleviate the impact of the above problems is by identifying phrases in the query and translating them using a phrase dictionary. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. In this paper  , both ideas are investigated. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The test MRDs were not used in this phase. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. The latter requires a human interpreter to identify the concepts in the requests. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. We also presented a method of translation selection based on the cohesion among translation words. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. use the same families of models for both MoIR and CLIR. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. We argue that the above conclusion does not hold in general. Translating the query  , while preserving the weights from 1. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Evaluations on Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR  , which consists of retrieving documents written in one language using queries written in another language  , is another interest. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. In Section 5  , we detail our experiments and the results we obtained; and Section 6 concludes the paper. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . It can be seen that the proposed CLIR model favourably compares with competitors on both evaluation sets  , even if score differences are not statistically significant. Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn}  , we denote its correct translation as For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. An extremely-effective OOV term sj LRMIR 0 is the term whose semantics cannot be recovered well r1 0. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. Unique angles in TREC-6 include document translation based CLIR 19  explored by the University of Maryland using the LO- GOS system. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. For German  , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. We submitted ve oocial CLIR runs and scored an additional four unoocial runs locally  , as shown in Table 2. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. For machine translation  , word disambiguation should be a very important problem. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. Finally  , our best run has achieved the mAP mean average precision of 0.3869  , which is about the same as the best result at that time. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. 1998. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This model is adopted in this study for triple translations. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The effect of resource quality on retrieval efficacy has received little attention in the literature. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Throughout this paper  , we will use the TREC average noninterpolated precision to measure retrieval performance Voorhees  , 1997. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. CLIR on separate collections  , each for a language. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. However  , the user of a CLIR system may be bilingual to some extent. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. This is favorably comparable to the best effectiveness achieved in the previous Chinese TREC experiments. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. We also revisited our merging approach  , trying out an alternative strategy. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. However  , we believe that MT cannot be the only solution to CLIR. We can thus quantify the accuracy of an observed rank correlation usingˆseusingˆ usingˆse boot . The average length of the titles is 3.3 terms which approximates the average length of short web queries. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Combining phrase translation via phrase dictionary and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance up to 79% of monolingual. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. The topic creation and results assessment sites for TREC-8 were: Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. In addition  , word co-occurrence statistics in the target language has been leveraged for translation disambiguation 3  , 10  , 11  , 19. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. We used a part of the parallel texts to train a small model  , and used the model for CLIR. Clearly for such a small collection the specific figures are neither reliable nor significant  , reported results should thus be regarded only as indicative. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Consequently  , we do not repeat the monolingual result in the rest of this paper. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. A third approach receiving increasing attention is to automatically establish associations between queries and documents independent of language difference 6  , 10  , 211. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. Given two sets of terms x and y  , we measure their co-existence level by We compute TFIDF in both source and target language corpora for each term. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. Multilingual data merging needs to be addressed in this work because the CLIR track requires a single ranked list of retrieved documents from data collections in four languages. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. ABET also comes with a library of commonly used transformations  , e.g. , kill_parens to remove parenthesized expressions. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. The focus of this study is on empirical evaluation of the proposed system. In order to keep the size of the induced lexicon manageable  , a threshold 0.01 was used to discard low probability translations. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. One area for future work is to improve our retrieval model by incorporating contextual information for better term translation. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. The use of the special dictionary and the general dictionary in query translation and structuring of queries are highly effective methods to improve the CLIR performance. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Technical terms and proper names are often untranslatable due to the limited coverage of translation dictionaries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These results confirm our expectation. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. This technique is now routinely used in speech retrieval 7  , but we are not aware of its prior use for CLIR. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. The remainder of the paper is structured as follows: section 2 discusses the approach for computing alignments. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. This seems a bit low  , so that AP and SDA are probably too dissimilar for such use. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. We can group the possible CLIR scenarios into the following three main settings: 1. the document collection is monolingual  , but users can formulate queries in more than one language. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. Indeed  , while the Agrovoc ontology is used only for the automatic annotation of documents  , the Organic. Lingua one is exploited also for performing manual annotations. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. Additionally   , we test two decoding evaluation setups of search space rescoring and redecoding. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The left two figures are for short queries  , and the right two are for long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. The resulting combined dictionary contains 401 ,477 English entries  , including 109 ,841 words  , and 291 ,636 phrases. However  , for the purposes of the experiments described here  , it was treated as a series of simple bilingual dictionaries 1 . There was some suggestion in the results that the three-way triangulated queries may have outperformed the direct translation. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. Table 8  , both in terms of the number of languages being covered and the number of alignment units available e.g. , about 5 million for Eurodicautom . Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. Depending on the language  , it may be possible to deduce appropriate transliterated translations automatically. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. This was done by adding the English OOV terms to the English queries and using our system to translate and then retrieve Chinese documents EO-C. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. This situation is very similar to some cases observed in TREC5&6  , where we encountered the terms such as " most-favor nation "  On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. The labels show the topic numbers. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies  , namely migration and emulation. the selection of the correct translation words from the dictionary. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. 3.2. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. i WE-VS is now the best scoring single CLIR model across all evaluation runs. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. The system uses it automatically when no operator is specified. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. This indicates the higher effectiveness of CLQS in related term identification by leveraging a wide spectrum of resources. This study explores the effects of transitive retrieval and triangulation on no-translation cross-language retrieval. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. One of our merits is that we consider comprehensive factors including linguistic   , statistical  , and CLIR aspects to predict T . In general these strategies yield performance scores in the range of 50 to 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. Another unique feature is the exploration of a new and automatic method for deriving word based transfer dictionaries from phrase based transfer dictionaries. In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. According to 3  , four different strategies are typically used for CLIR. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. , for all k  , d k ∈ l1  , s1. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. We evaluated our system on the TREC-5/6 CLIR task  , using a corpus of 164 ,778 Chinese documents and titles of the 54 English topics as queries. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. The initial interface layout was based on proposed scenarios 2. " Therefore  , when translating these queries  , we use example-based method that may generate accurate translations. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. As a result  , queries translated using this method typically perform worse than the equivalent monolingual queries -referred to here as monolingual retrieval performance. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. This work is also situated within the general landscape of multilingual digital libraries. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In fact  , dictionary is a carrier of knowledge expression and storage  , which involves almost all information about vocabulary  , namely static information. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. The studies reported in this paper continue to broaden the perspective by adding a focus on complex tasks with live multimedia content. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. The structure of the paper is a as follows. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Several authors 4  , 5  , 1  , 11  have proposed techniques to deal with OOV terms in CLIR  , and we summarize these below. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. Our experiments use two sets of data test collections and submitted runs from the NTCIR-3 CLIR track 9  , provided by National Institute of Informatics  , Japan. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. Eichmann et al. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. One of the key challenges in CLIR is what to do when more than one possible translation is known. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. Their system was one of the bests in TREC7 CLIR runs. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. Due to the availability of the language resources needed for Arabic dictionary and parallel corpora aligned at sentence level 1  English was selected as test languages. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. A larger user study has already been designed and is underway. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. In TREC-9 we only participated in the English-Chinese cross-language information retrieval CLIR track. These are some of the questions we will address in our future research. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Twenty-five queries #55 to #79 were provided in both English and Chinese. The HuaJian MT translation is also shown  , and it is seen that it picks up 'air pollution' correctly but misses out the 'automobile' sense of 'auto'. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Our CLIR participation involved both the French and English queries and included experiments with the merging strategy. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. We present here a case where new CLIR dictionary entries can be found with confidence. The results from our experimental evaluation shows our approach to be a promising alternative to the standard pipeline approach. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. In our experiments  , we used two versions of queries  , short only titles and long all the three fields. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. Weaker invariance will show up as less overlap in the band pattern. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. It can be observed that reducing the pool depth does N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. In many documents and requests for information  , technical terms and proper names are important text elements. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . However  , objectively benchmarking a query suggestion system is not a trivial task. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. McCarley  , 1999 studied both query and document translations and concluded the combination of the two translations can improve retrieval performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. The translation quality and ease of query were taken into account. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. Roughly speaking  , overall classification accuracy climbs up to 80.15% when all features are adopted. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Table 5shows the MAP results using translated queries for search. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. It is not worth taking a risk to translate a term if the term probably perform poorly in CLIR. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. These English terms were potential queries in the Chinese log that needed correct cross-language translations. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. In such a case  , thanks to using date windows  , the alignments could be extended without the need to discard old pairs. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. The results of our experiments demonstrate that the term-similarity based sense disambiguation does improve the retrieval performance of dictionary based CLIR performance. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. These translations can be used in normal search engines  , reducing the development costs. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. Finally  , queries are performed on the Organic. Lingua document collections. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. In terms of translation quality  , efficiency   , and practicality  , flat and hierarchical PBMT systems have become very popular  , partly due to successful open-source implementations. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. On Wikipedia data  , shown in the lower part of Table  3  , we find similar relations. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. From the CLIR viewpoint  , MT is not regarded as a promising approach. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. The contradictions identified from this study can inform the development of discovery platforms for multilingual content. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Rosetta uses real-time document translation and incremental indexing to accommodate live content. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. This suggests that probabilistic models are translation tools that are as valuable as MT systems for the CLIR purposes. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. Table 2presents the retrieval performance statistics for the three runs. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. Combming pre-and posttranslation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. The simplest approach toward dictionary-based CLIR is to use all the translations of query words provided by the dictionary equally 5  , 6 . Table 1lists the average precision across 11 recall points for both the homogeneous collections and the heterogeneous collections. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. The downside  , however  , is that machine translation is typically time-consuming and resource-intensive. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. In monolingual IR this relevance model is estimated by taking a set of documents relevant to the query. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. In fact  , a class profile can be seen as an approximative unigram Language Model for the documents in that particular class. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. For evaluation  , we used the CLIR data released at the FIRE 1 workshop  , 2008. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. In this paper  , we described a Surface Similarity based method for fuzzy string matching for performing CLIR and were able to show good improvement in performance. The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. For some researchers  , these observations have lead to the optimistic conclusion that the CLIR problem is basically solved. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: we present our training and testing data in Section 2  , and our weighting criteria in Section 3. , di ,N } are documents in language li  , i.e. , for all k  , d i ,k ∈ li  , si. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. The medical dictionary contained 67 ,000 Finnish and English entry words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. The terms of special dictionaries are often unambiguous. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. By these means  , it is possible to solve successfully the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. Also weighting methods should be tested: Does weighting affect CLIR queries similarly as monolingual queries ? There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. In CLIR systems  , interactive components are crucial to accomplish search tasks 2. The test collections are the TREC5 Chinese track  , the TREC9 cross-lingual track and the TREC5 Spanish track Voorhees and Harman  , 1997; Voorhees and Harman  , 2000. It also appears that  , with this approach  , additional bilingual lexicons and parallel text improve performance substantially in spite of the increased ambiguity. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. We evaluate our query translation models using TREC collections . Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. Fujii and Ishikawa 7  use a different one-tomany English-string-to-Japanese-string mapping model. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. able for short  , context-inadequate queries. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. The correct translations are available since NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks provide both English and Chinese topics at the same time. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. If these NPs are not stored in the dictionary  , they are most likely to be translated incorrectly. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. Since all words share the embedding space  , semantic similarity between words may be computed both monolingually and across languages. Research on technical preservation issues is focused on two dominant strategies   , namely migration and emulation. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. A similar idea has been applied successfully to statistical language modeling 5  , showing improved performance of the cache language model. For each query term  , we expand it by an additional term that has the highest cohesion value with the other words of the original query. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. We expect that the model trained with all the parallel documents from the Web will perform better. It is difficult to construct more good MT systems to cover other languages. Consequently  , the performance on this topic is drastically reduced by incorporating the concept language model. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. They conclude that translation could help patent retrieval  , but not always. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. 1 It can acquire translations for some out of vocabulary OOV queries without any need for crawling web pages. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. The results indicate that our method can achieve acceptable results for queries in and out of dictionary. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Most approaches to CLIR perform a query translation followed by a monolingual IR. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? We participated in the main task of the CLIR track  , using an English query to create a single merged ranked list of English  , French  , German and Italian news stories for each of the 28 topics. McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. This work falls in both the last two streams of works  , borrowing from the former the advantages deriving from the usage of domain-specific terms in the query translation and from the latter the capability to exploit semantic knowledge for retrieving information. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Prec@10 is the precision after 10 docs and the Mean Average Precision MAP. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. They found a 55% loss in average precision in queries translated word-by-word compared to the original queries. Often those search keys that have only one or two translations are the most important words of a request and  , vice versa  , those keys that have many translations are unimportant words. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. The following queries sd and gd translation = sd + gd translation of the topic " osteoporosis " represent all CLIR query types of the study and demonstrate the importance of structure in cross-language queries. This shows that even if a high-quality MT system is available  , our approach can still lead to additional improvement. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? For the purposes of CLIR  , it seems clear that the appropriate basis for constructing a similarity function is the differential effect on retrieval if both terms were considered to represent the same concept. Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. For DE→EN  , QR achieves almost the same MAP compared to using OQ  , which demonstrates the usefulness of QR for CLIR. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. For these experiments  , we used open software toolkits to implemented nine existing retrieval models and re-examined the effectiveness of those models in the context of patent retrieval. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. Optionally  , an optimization procedure could be used to place a new document in the map preserving the ratios of its distances to all anchor documents as much as possible with respect to the distances in the original vector space. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. Domain-specific language modeling has been used in speech recognition 1123  , with encouraging results. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. McCarley found that merging ranked lists generated using query translation and document translation yielded improved mean average precision over that achieved by either approach alone 11  , which suggests that bidirectional techniques are worth exploring . For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. We ran our Chinese-English experiments after the English- French experiments with the goal of confirming our results using a different language pair  , so we made a few changes to reduce computational costs. Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. For the English-French CLIR experiments  , we computed the mean average precision MAP over 50 queries formulated from the CLEF 2001 topic set Topics 41-90. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. , at high cumulative probability thresholds that Darwish and Oard reported 4. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. We did run experiments for both language pairs and found PDT was at least as effective as PSQ  , but adding statistical synonymy knowledge to unidirectional translation could hurt CLIR performance. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. , 1. We discuss related work and future directions for this research in Section 5 and Section 6  , respectively. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. Some implemented approaches to this problem are to pass an unknown query word unchanged into the translated query  , or to find a closest match to a known target word 4. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. As proper names and technical terms are very important in many information retrieval queries  , for dictionary-based CLIR between Japanese and English  , it is imperative that foreign words be properly transliterated into and out of katakana. During term translation  , the translations of a term are also retrieved from this same bilingual lexicon. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. OOV word translation is a major knowledge bottleneck for query translation and CLIR. In the future  , we will build CLQS system between languages which may be more loosely correlated  , e.g. , English and Chinese  , and study the CLQS performance change due to the less strong correspondence among queries in such languages. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. With the vector space engine they employ  , their overall 11pt performance 0.24 is slightly above the one for the search engine we use 0.20. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Given a query topic Qs = {s1  , s2  , ..  , sn} in source language   , conventional query translation methods endeavor to find a set of translated terms Qt = {t1  , t2  , ..  , tm} in target language. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. LRT D sj tells the influence of translating sj to t k Ds j  in CLIR. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. Major approaches for CLIR include bilingual dictionaries 3  , 7  , 141  , parallel collections 4  , 7  , 10  , 61 and comparable collections 26 or some combination of these. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. It is evident from this table that  , both DO and HSA  , are the most efficient metrics to compute compared to MAP and perplexity. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. Rather than seeking to map multilingual query terms  , Wang 50 studies the use of a web-based term translation approach to find translations for unknown cross-language queries in digital libraries. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . As the quality of machine translation improved  , the focus of CLIR user studies expanded from merely enabling users to find documents e.g. , for subsequent human translation to also support information use e.g. , by translating the full text. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. Together  , the two term lists covered about 15% of the unique Arabic stems in the AFP collection measured by using light stemming on both the term list and the collection. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. , we merged collections of English  , French  , German  , and Italian documents into a single multilingual data collection  , and indexed the multilingual collection. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. The task in the CLIR track is an ad hoc retrieval task in which the documents are in one language and the topics are in a different language. The LDC assessors judged each document in the pools using binary relevant/not relevant assessments. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. Further examination indicated that Dutch  , Spanish  , and Italian were good choices as pivot languages since they offered the next best coverage in EuroWordNet. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. In addition to the classical IR tasks  , cross-language IR CLIR also requires that the query or the documents 7 be translated from a language into another. Compared to the dictionary-based translation  , a full-scale machine translation system has the advantage in that it can reduce the translation ambiguity of a query using the context information. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. Similar to other CLIR papers  , " source language " refers to the language of queries  , and " target language " refers to the language of documents. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. To explore the impact of spelling normalization and Arabic stemming on CLIR  , we have compared three versions of bilingual lexicon creation for term translation. Apparently  , the small benefit of stemming and spelling normalization was canceled by the introduced ambiguity. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Following TREC-8  , the venue for European-language retrieval evaluation moved to Europe with the creation of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF  , first held in Lisbon in September 2000 1. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. We enabled English stemming for all runs and did not use any stopword lists. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. Figure 1.4 is the official precision and recall curve and the mAP score of our 4 CLIR runs. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. The number of relevant documents to be retrieved are 579 for C0 and 856 for C1. Darwish later extended Kwok's formulation to handle the case in which translation probabilities are available by weighting the TF and DF computations  , an approach he called probabilistic structured queries PSQ 4 In monolingual IR it is common to treat words that share a common stem as if they expressed the same meaning  , and some automated and interactive query expansion techniques can also be cast in this framework. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. However  , MAP of the best PSQ was just about 82% Chinese CLIR with 19% relative improvement  , achieving cross-language MAP comparable to monolingual baselines in both cases. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. Same comparison of the best DAMM and the best PSQ in the English-Chinese CLIR experiments confirmed this finding. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Methods for translation have focused on three areas: dictionary translariun  , parallel or comparable corpora for generating a translation model  , and the employment of mnchine franslution MT techniques. It also played a large role in the TREC-8 experiments of a number of groups. As a result  , a query written in a source language likely has an equivalent in a query log in the target language. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. It differs from previous ones in that it includes a distance component that decays the mutual information between terms when the distance between them increases. The test written collection was from TREC-8 composed of English documents and queries in a number of European languages. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. The other factor concerns the ability to choose the most common sense of a word  , this was not attempted using EuroWordNet and resulted in considerable erroneous translations. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. The must likely cause is difference in linguistic features. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Our work is also related to term selection from a query. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Both Kwok's method and MDF were found to achieve retrieval effectiveness values similar to that obtained with Pirkola's structured query method  , so Kwok's method seems to be a good basis from which to build probabilistic structured query methods. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . In order to avoid these limitations   , we chose to use a monolingual test collection for which translated queries are available  , and to base our evaluation on the largest possible number of topics. That will establish a lower bound on the performance of our system if it had direct access to the linguistic knowledge in the MT system. On the other hand  , the test set has only 25 queries and the difference between our system and the combined MT run is very small. Figure  1shows the results. To test whether CLIR systems that perform well in the news stories domain are robust enough to simply be used in a different domain  , we have compared SYSTRAN easiest  , most convenient choice that worked extremely well in past evaluation forums and two corpus-based methods trained on the Springer corpus. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. For the purpose of formulating queries in patent retrieval  , we used the following combinations of topic fields independently: <DESCRIPTION>  , <DESCRIPTION>+<NARRATIVE>  , and <ARTICLE>+<SUPPLEMENT>. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. use a technique based on mapping term statistics before computing term weights 8  , 2  to establish a strong context-independent baseline . In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Thus a person interested in the pedigree of the proverb many hands make light work will be able to find a broad range of variants on this theme  , from a range of historical periods using a single query. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. We further use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to include the merging of mono-and cross-language retrieval results  , presenting the user with one multilingual result list. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. This French-German run outperforms all of the few TREC-6 runs reported for this language combination by a wide margin. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. The columns of each table show the Mean Average Precision  , the Precisions at 5  , 10  , 20  , and 30  , the Average Recall  , the Average R-Precision  , and the number of queries that have been performed. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. Summarizing what we observed in our experiments  , we may state that the use of domain-specific multilingual resources for enriching basic CLIR systems leads to effective results. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. In this manner  , we sampled 505 document pairs that are mutual translations of each other and therefore semantically similar by construction. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Document vectors of the foreign language i.e. , German are projected into the target language English by the CLIR approach explained in Section 3. Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Hence  , the number of non-zero translation probabilities in q is no more than the total number of translations provided by the bilingual dictionary for the query words  , which is usually much smaller than the product m s m t . Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR systems seek to identify pertinent information in a collection of documents containing material in languages other than the one in which the user articulated her query. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. Note the achieved MAP values can be further improved. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. In Section 5 we test the performance of our model on the cross-language retrieval task of TREC9  , and compare our performance with results reported by other researchers. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. For MT purposes  , the training corpus should be tightly controlled; otherwise  , wrong or poor-quality translations will be produced. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. Our evaluation results show that the triple translation is more precise than the word-by-word translation with the co-occurrence model. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. These experiments show that the decaying factor allows us to better distinguish strong and weak term relationships. The research cited viewed pivots as an unfortunate necessity: their use allowed retrieval to take place  , but at the cost of much introduced error. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. SIGIR '99 6/99 Berkley  , CA  , USA 0 1999 ACM l-5611%096-1/99/0007. ,i5.00 able resources are available  , we do not consider them further in our current investigation. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. Our TREC-8 results show that post-retrieval merging of retrieval results can outperform preretrieval merging of multilingual data collections. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . Finally  , rather than acquiring bilateral word translations  , our focus lies on assigning subwords to interlingual semantic identifiers. We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. Finally  , during the retrieval time  , EuroVoc thesaurus is used to let the user visually extend the query and rerank the results in real-time. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Each Chinese query was segmented into words using the segmenters as described above  , the Chinese stop words were then removed from each Chinese query. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. However  , it is to be noted that the same problem also occurs for query translation with any tool MT or bilingual dictionary. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . However  , the involvement of the user in CLIR systems by reviewing and amending the query had been studied  , e.g. , using Keizai 4  , Mulinex 1 and recently MIRACLE 3. The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. Many participating research teams reported results for word-only indexing  , making that condition useful as a baseline. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. In this paper we have provided an overview of that work in a way that will help readers recognize similarities and differences in the approaches taken by the Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. , English using queries that are expressed in another e.g. , Chinese. We present a technique that transforms an unstructured bilingual dictionary into a structured one  , and experimental results obtained using that technique. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. Dictionaries with such a structure may be available  , 2 and Section 3.2 presents 1In monolingual retrieval  , automatic query expansion techniques seek to achieve a similar effect. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. In the actual implementation  , we operate with log probabilities . Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. A better phrase translator should not alter our conclusion that query expansion can ameliorate the errors that occur in word-by-word or phrase   , 1996. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. LCA expansion gives higher precision at low recall levels  , which is important in a CLIR environ- ment. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. Our experiments of CLIR on TREC Chinese collections show that models using larger and more specific unit of translation are always better  , if the models can be well trained  , because more specific models could model more information. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The major difference between our approach and structural query translation is that ours uses translation probabilities while the other treats all translations as equals. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. Retrieval results using individual lexicons are significantly worse than those using the combination of the three lexical resources  , confirming findings by other researchers that lexicon coverage is critical for CLIR performance Levow and Oard  , 1999. SYSTRAN is generally accepted as one of the best commercial MT systems for English-Spanish translation. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. Dictionary-based translation is often easier way to implement query translation than the methods based on the comparable documents or the parallel corpora  , as these are not readily available. It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. In CLIR translation systems  , it is possible to use many dictionaries   , each of which have limited content  , but which together cover general language issues and many specific domains. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. The third problem  , the coverage of dictionaries is not a linguistic problem and is in principle the same for all languages. Experimental results on a real clickthrough data show that the method can not only cover 413 the OOV queries out of 500 queries  , but also achieve 62.2% in top-1 to 80.0% in top-5 precision. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. Many of them contain bilingual translations of proper nouns  , such as company names and personal names. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. To determine the performance of the proposed approach when applied to CLIR  , we have conducted extensive experiments including the experiments with the NTCIR-2 English-Chinese IR task. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. In the study  , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Moreover  , within each corpus setting  , we go into details to inspect the effectiveness using different features. Specifically  , leaving si untranslated could be a wise choice if its semantics could be recovered by pre-or post-translation expansion. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Multilingual thesauri can be built quite effectively by merging existing monolingual thesauri 27 ; the UMLS Metathesaurus is an excellent current example. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. Computing DO and HSA on the PLTM model we achieve a relative speed improvement of 5.12 times over MAP. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. While on the CLIR task PLTMs were configured with T=100  , 200  , 300  , 400  , 500  , 700 and 1k. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. precision 72.0%  , As shown  , 80% of the correct equivalents are within the set of four highest ranked words. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. Further experiments with larger datasets and more realistic queries are required to evaluate the practical implications of this theoretical advantage. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Comparative evaluation of PMI and CHI or IG in CLIR was not reported before. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR needs to jointly optimize the tasks of translation and retrieval  , however   , it is standardly approached with a focus on one aspect. Instead  , we use specialized domains such as patents or Wikipedia where relevance information can be induced from the citation or link structure. We introduced a novel way to learn term translation probabilities from the top scoring " readings " of alternative query translations  , as generated by the decoder. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. In CLIR  , using the query translation approach  , the semantic ambiguity of a query can degrade the performance of retrieval. The findings can inform librarians  , information scientists  , and IR system designers of the needs  , requirements  , and approaches to enhance cross-language controlled vocabularies  , and improve search engines to provide users with more relevant results. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Some MEDLINE records are extremely short and no abstract is provided  , although some of them are assessed as relevant to some topics. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 1. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. We therefore explored one of the several possible sources of statistical evidence for synonymy. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. This might be the case when a query is very short  , or when specific domain terminology e.g. , medicine  , engineering is used. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their work only examined a single language pair English to Spanish  , and relied on the Collins's English-Spanish electronic dictionary. Some of the earliest work in CLIR was done by Salton 17 and Pevzner 13 who used thesauri to index and retrieve documents written in multiple languages. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. We measured the effectiveness of our techniques in terms of average retrieval precision which was computed using the standard 11 recall-point measurement for TREC. The collection being searched is a combination of both German SDA and NZZ  , and therefore a superset of the one that was aligned to English AP or French SDA. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. Clinchant8 expands the standard language modeling approach by representing more than one language in the document model and then using a meta-dictionary in order to build a matching multi-language query model. In this approach  , we investigated the following three problems: 1 word/term disambiguation using co-occurrence  , 2 phrase detecting using a statistical language model  , and In section 2  , we introduce briefly our work on finding the best indexing unit for Chinese IR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. The First- Match FM technique is used for term selection from a given entry in the MRD 8. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. The TREC-2002 CLIR track will continue to focus on searching Arabic. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. The development of data services at Indiana University is approached as an opportunity to engage multiple units within the university  , particularly the libraries  , IT services  , and computational centers. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. Interestingly  , although the Web is constantly changing  , we were able to find most OOV terms  , many of which related to news events up to 10 years ago. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. The simplest approach is to retain the same formulae  , but to suppress the contribution of unlikely translations. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. Finally we will give a description of some experimental results. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Retrieval effectiveness is commonly measured using either average precision across a series of recall values or at a fixed rank. -As we will see below  , it is relatively easy to obtain a suitable degree of query expansion based on translational ambiguity. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. One approach to achieving this is to defer merging until after retrieval has taken place and fuse document rankings instead. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , high TF and low DF are preferred  , with the optimal combination of those factors typically being determined through experimentation c.f. , 15. The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. The effectiveness and efficiency of this strategy relative to comparable baselines is then shown in subsequent sections for two applications: CLIR  , and retrieval of scanned documents using OCR. Second  , it offers a principled way of tuning the degree of dictionary coverage to optimize the retrieval effectiveness. Among these  , WTF/DF achieved the greatest improvement 9.7% relative  , and exhibited the greatest range of threshold values over which the improvement was statistically significant 0.6 to 1.0. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. 5 However  , for the clarity of presentation  , we have decided to stress the complete modeling analogy between the monolingual and cross-lingual approach to IR. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. In this work we argue that one should not only " look inside " the black box of the SMT system 16   , but directly optimize SMT for the CLIR task at hand. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. We observe that the queries may be classified into three categories: 1 5 queries that have both monolingual and CLIR result of average precision lower than 0.1 #58  , #61  , #67  , #69  , and #77. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The vertical axis is the location of passages in the book with page 1 at the top. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. The idea behind the proposed methodology is to exploit structural similarities observed among the different monolingual projections computed with MDS to identify possible correspondences among new multilingual documents. Thus  , though there has been some interest in the past especially with respect to handling variation and normalization of transliterated text  , on the whole the challenge of IR in the mixed-script space is largely neglected. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. Besides being benchmarked as an independent module  , the resulting CLQS system is tested as a new means of query " translation " in CLIR task on TREC collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. In our experiments  , the top 10 terms are selected to expand the original query  , and the new query is used to search the collection for the second time. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Furthermore  , based on this index structure  , Tagster incorporates a tag-based user characterization that takes into account the global tag statistics for better navigation and ranking of resources. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Like Q-learning. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Learning. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. 9. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . Second point is the handling of the penalty. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. For more through treatment  , see 7. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. , * arg max Pr |  The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Convergence usually took around 70 steps. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. An update in Q-learning takes the form Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. Many learning scenarios involve demonstrations in a con­ tinuous domain. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The evaluation is given every 1 second. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. And 200 times reproduction is carried out. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. We will call this type of reward function sparse. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Xue et al. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. by learning the distribution of the triples U RL  , Q  , IP  on one set of training data  , and then using these probabilities to estimate HU RL|Q  , IP  on a different set of test data. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. 1  , 0.99 is employed. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. Parallel Learning. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. However  , γ i is also low when significant noise are overlapped. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. A moving average window of 25 consecutive values is used to smooth the data. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. In theory  , this is all that is necessary for the robot to learn the optimal policy. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Let r i = |Ω Xi | and q i = |Ω X pai |  , then the number of free parameters is defined as The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Q learning is designed to optimize a robot policy n that is based on cumulative discounted rewards V". Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. This method keeps the main advantage of Q-learning over actor-critic leaming -the ability of exploration insensitivity  , which is desired in real-world applications. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. The learning method is based on Q-learning using connectionist model for representing utility functions 12546. All agents used a learning rate  , cy = 1.0 due to the deterministic environment. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. In the single-agent case there is a remarkable example of study of the complexity of single-agent Q-learning with a comparison of heuristically initialized and zero-initialized cases by Koenig and Sim- mons 5. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. We assume the " homogeneous " state space uniformly Ic-bounded with polynomial width of the depth IC and zero-initialized Q-learning with a problem solving task. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. , by interacting with the environment. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. Given an answer a  , a question q and a user u described by feature vectors x a   , x q and x u   , let the probability of them being a good answer  , good question  , good asker or good answerer be P xa  , P xq  , Pqstxu and Pansxu  , respectively. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Totally  , we have 1327 states in the state space If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Hence  , the advertisability i.e. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. , 1993; Widrow & Stearns  , 1985. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. with no inter-robot communication  , learns when to switch  , and what role to switch to  , given the perceptual state of the world. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. where vq is a query  , and v d 1 and v d 2 are two documents to be ranked with respect to v q . We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. ,answers  , questions or users. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. New connections may now grow between these highly activated nodes and the query q  , under consideration Fig.3Once rti is known in Eqn  , 12  , Ww is defined as in Eqn.5 using stored values of Sw These are one-step Hebbian learning Hebb49 equations. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. In this work  , we propose a supervised learning approach for estimating the appropriateness of multiple intent-aware retrieval models for each query aspect. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. If model damping terms are set to zero and S=O  , a combination of values for Q  , R  , and the ANN learning parameter that allow the controller of 1 7 1 to converge could not be found. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. The most suitable configuration is the V-shape. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . The nominal quality value has to be transformed into a continuous value to be used inside the update phase to represent the quality of the image Qz  , and its value is between 0 and 2. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. It is designed for complicated systems with large actionstate space like a robot with many redundant degrees of freedom. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. We can sort predicates and patterns based on this order. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. descendant represents a flatten-structure transformation using descendant axis and constructs a tree whose size is 66.7% of the input XML data. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. Note that non-leaf node of T is numbered according to its order of merging. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. The first node of root in the FP-tree has item-id and pointer. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Finally  , conclusions are presented in Section 6. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. Hilbert values. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. Specifically  , it was designed to produce the FP-tree of the updated database  , in some cases  , by adjusting the old tree via the bubble sort. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. To do this  , we use the following strategy: We sort the input leaf set according to the pre-order of tree T. Starting with an empty tree T   , we insert nodes into the tree in order. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. Since we assume that WS is trivial in size relative to RS  , we make no effort to compress data values; instead we represent all data directly. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. the rows are in depth-first order of the nodes in the subtree. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. The second query tree uses the join predicate on city and repartitions the Dep table. index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. Analytic cost functions for hash-join. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. As a result  , the ordering of items needs to be adjusted. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. The overall speedup depends on the number of results in each query. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. However  , if space is really an issue  , we can resort to a sparse B+ tree index. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. Then we sort elements on path by tree levels. The restructure of the Ptree consists of similar insertions in the first step. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. The attributes at each node of the search lattice are then ordered to be subsequences of this sort order. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Data Page Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. As in the Parent method  , the Overlap method computes each cuboid from one of its parents in the cuboid tree. The concern model is a connected graph  , defining a view over the system that is complementary to Eclipse's standard package explorer. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. Figure 1ashows an example of a tree which represents the expression X + Y*Z. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. 8 first shred the XML tree into a table of two columns  , then sort and compress the columns individually. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. Executor traverses the query plan tree and carries out join operations sequentially according to join sequence numbers determined by Optimizer. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. This is a result of the possibility to sort out a different number of facets during the construction of the lists Sij. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. For each transaction  , T i   , if its summary itemset SI Ti is not empty  , we sort the items in SI Ti in lexicographic order and insert it into the prefix tree. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. The first technique stores the records lazily in a B+-tree file organization clustered by the specified key  , and is based on external merge-sort. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. , for run files in external merge sort G 03. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. First  , we sort the candidate nodes by their positions in the depth first search of the DOM tree. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. , interactive mining  , but its efficiency for incremental mining where the database is changed frequently is unclear. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. We are primarily interested in creating indexes from non-traditional index structures which are suitable for managing multidimensional data  , spatial data or metric data. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Sort-based bulk loading is a well established technique since it is used in commercial database systems for creating B+-trees from scratch. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Hooks are installed in both back-ends to generate a graphical presentation of the chosen query plans much like in Figure 3. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. It sort of builds a binary tree  , where each link in the chain is extended with a 0 or 1 label association. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. This can be computationally intensive because the bubble sort needs to  apply to all the branches affected by the change in item fre- quency. While performing the pruning step as elaborated before  , we use some simple statistical optimization techniques. Join indexes can now be fully described. To perform searches using the sort key  , one uses the latter B-tree to find the storage keys of interest  , and then uses the former collection of Btrees to find the other fields in the record. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. First  , in GOODXl  , it is hard to factor out the infu encc of the X-tree architecture and the parallel readout disks on the results ohtaincd. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. We sort the full set Of 6Qj F values and delete any duplicates. The human may set goals into the autonomous system  , and then later be called on to enter tasks to help the system reach either cognitive or manipulation subgoals. For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. Assuming that an appropriate ordering exists  , sort-based bulk loading is not limited to one-dimensional index structures  , but can also be applied to OP-trees  , since OP-trees support insertions of entire trees. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. File services in Gamma are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CHOUSS . However  , since the focus of this research is on write-optimized B-trees  , we do not pursue the topic further. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. The experimental or hierarchic interface  , depicted in Figure 2and described in Box 1  , grouped the search results based on c ommonality of URL parts sub-domain and path and displayed them in a one level tree. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. After finding all the data points within the hypersphere   , these points have to be grouped into segments. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. o if QUEUE is fully abstract not implemented  , this means that its sort of interest queue is implemented as a derived type of tree  , as indicated in section 3. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. File services in NOSE are based on the Wisconsin Storage System WiSS CDKK85. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. As mentioned earlier  , pruning strategy 2 can improve the efficiency of pruning strategy 3. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The paper considers a star schema with UB-Tree organized fact tables and dimension tables stored sorted on a composite surrogate key. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. We sort  , in descending order  , the samples in rSample based on their scores so that in the sub-tree of node cSample = {s 1   , s 2 }  , sample s 4 and s 5 will be added first followed by s 3 and s 6 . During the optimization of a single query  , the optimizer issues several access path requests henceforth called index requests  , or simply requests for different subqueries . In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. The idea is to force relationships between pairs of nodes until G becomes a complete set  , i.e. , ∀ nodes x  , y ∈ G and for any predicate p  , either px  , y or ¬px  , y holds in G. In particular  , all nodes in a maximal OTSP sets are totally ordered using a topological sort. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. Observe that new required order properties are generated by:  NOP if its child is a Sort operator i.e. , if the original query includes an Order By clause  ,  Group and Unique which require inputs to be grouped on the grouping attributes  ,  Join operators  , each of which splits any required order property it inherits into separate required order properties for its child nodes according to the rules of A curious pattern  , similar to footprints on the beach  , shows up in Figure 9  , obtained with Q7 on the OptA optimizer  , where we see plan P7 exhibiting a thin cadet-blue broken curved pattern in the middle of plan P2's orange region . For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. Let us point ont that the R command can help a programmer to freely inspect a n d / o r amend various parts of his program without carefully planning an ordered tree traversal. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. Other experiments DKL+ 94 revealed that the search performance of the R-trees built by using Hilbert-ordering is inferior to the search performance of the R*-tree BKSS 90 when the records are inserted one by one. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , bytestream files as in UNIX  , Bt tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Stack Search Maximizing Eq. Cancel stops a search in progress. Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. If a leaf node is popped off the stack  , we can return the qualifying entries that we find on it. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. S is a stack of configurations  , initially containing only the assembled configuration  , that are recursively 'expanded' until a disassembly is obtained. The search follows scoping rules. Binding a name n is performed by a search in the environment stack for one or more binders n29. Applying an exponential utility function u ′ > 0 and u ′′ < 0 2 gives the mapping function as: In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. Consider the above mentioned keyword-based search technique  , for instance. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. For example  , consider the command ALL OPERATIONstack which displays the entries of the--I/0 headings in the forms for a data abstraction named stack. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . Stack Overflow was designed to be used such that Google is UI. See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. For example  , a LIFO ordering policy is equivalent to a stack. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The contents of the bit-stack can be manipulated as optional operations of search or pointer transfer instructions. By using a single runtime stack  , the subsequence matching phase is optimized by avoiding redundant accesses to the hash index. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The results of searching for words in qualified records or of pointer transfer are normally OR'ed together into one bit that is "entered" into the bit stack. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. When the user touches a document on the desk the system detects the touch via the thermo-camera and then the upper layer document is virtually transparentized by projection. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. Other search modes such as > or = can be supported via straightforward extensions. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. For a concrete example  , suppose that a client needs to extend a Stack component interface that provides basic stack operations  , such as  , push  , pop  , and empty. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. The trail  , i.e. , the data structure needed to restore the domain to any ancestor node of the search tree  , is thus a stack of the sizes. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. We use stack search similar to 30  , which keeps a list of the best n ranking combinations as candidates seen so far. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. The results of the search in the subtree are stored in the bit stack in the delimiter with S=l. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. according to the actual scope for the name. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. With these challenges in mind  , we introduce Plurality – an interactive tagging recommendation system see Figure 1. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. 10. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. However  , what we have is a stack associated with the delimiter of each record and only the top bit is accessible. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. The visits observed appeared very social or recreational in nature. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. This routine  , called ~elete  , takes the same arguments as basic-delete ,but no local stack  , S  , is needed. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. In the first program a local stack  , S  , is used to save the search trail. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. ,Dm ORB JNB  ,om I ANB SWB  , I I ORB First  , the one-bit search result can be pushed PUB onto the stack and optionally duplicated DUB so that the top two bits represent two copies of the search result. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. , a queue and depth-first search i.e. , a stack. Simply by assigning a priority to each alternative   , the DBC can determine the order of evaluation of invocations  , achieving flexible evaluation order  , one of our major objectives. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? The forward and back buttons work like the buttons in a web browser: back displays the previously displayed search results  , changing the tabs and search criteria at the top of the window as appropriate. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. Merobase is also accompanied by an Eclipse plug-in called CodeConjurer  that makes the search functionality available within the widely used Eclipse development environment 4. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. The Stack Overflow API is one of the search APIs used in their work  , and their approach captures the context in a similar fashion to the work by Cordeiro et al. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. The transmission of the result of a search back to the delimiter word is a special problem called backward marking. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The third alternative is to first swap SWB the top two bits on the stack before ANDing or ORing the new search result with the top bit. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. , the second word of a double length instruction or other sources including words popped from a word stack  , located within the segment memories  , as we now show. Some instructions require a full word search or rewrite operand long instructions but others do not short instructions. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Unlike the simple search given above  , the path so defined must be remembered. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. When using enhancements  , the interfaces of components should provide only a minimal set of operations  , because it is easy to add additional operations. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. But finding the document and extracting it remains at least as difficult as interpreting the document file's original bitstream. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. This shows that the vast majority 99% in our study of statements in real Java code have depth at most 4  , which our results above show that CodeHint can easily search. This is because our instrumentation introduces additional conjuncts in the path conditions  , occasionally making constraint solving harder. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. We cannot answer these questions easily by inspecting the stack trace and source code. , sn of states such that for all 1 ≤ i ≤ n  , there exists a transition si−1 e i → si. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. Nine participants did not search the catalogue  , saying they were familiar enough with the layout of the library that they could go straight to the shelves or sections where books they wished to use were found. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. For internal pages  , the child pointers are extracted from the matching items and stored on a stack for future traversal. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. For most subject  , we had several undergraduate and graduate students implement more versions  , and for some subjects  , we created versions by seeding errors. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. To arrive at a comparable subset of search systems we will have to restrict the above definition to systems that retrieve data from a knowledge base containing RDF data 17. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Returning to the scenario described in Section 5  , the designer of the railroad system identified the stack and the queue models as potentially reusable and stored them in the repository as described in the Section 5.1. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. , the aforementioned Stack Reverse. The code ranges from simple implementations of arithmetic using unbounded integers  , to sorting arbitrary items with arbitrary orderings  , and includes classical code such as binary search using bounded integers. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. If the binding of the name EMP returns among others an identifier ii  , then the scope in which it makes sense to bind the name SAL is nested If this set is pushed as a new scope onto the stack then the search for bindings for SAL will find the object representing the salary of the given employee  , as required. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. This approach avoids the performance overheads associated with threads: kernel scheduling  , context switching  , stack and task data structures allocation  , synchronization   , inter-thread communication  , and thread safety issues. Then  , with the window with the code in it displayed  , we would observe the user dragging out a rectangular region to capture the lines of code in this older version of the function that are of interested to them  , so they can bring it forward in time to be pasted into the current version of the code. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. eClassOWL 6. BMEcat. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. the catalog group taxonomy. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. The product identifier can be mapped in two different ways  , at product level or at product details level  , whereby the second takes precedence over the other. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. the NCU family 16. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . To introduce our general concept of feature-model compositionality   , we assume that two feature models Mx and My are composed to M x /y = Mx M C My . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Assuming an industrial setting  , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In Section 2 we define our basic concepts and our model of program execution and testing. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. The softmax distribution has several important properties. The steps include: For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. It chooses document xi with prob- ability After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. cost function based on softmax function. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. 1a. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. An efficient alternative that we use is hierarchical soft-max 18  , which reduces the time complexity to O R logW  + bM logM  in our case  , where R is the total number of words in the document sequence. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The paper is organized as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. Furthermore. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. P Shot i  = constant. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. These Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . Ranking is the central part of many applications including document retrieval  , recommender systems  , advertising and so on. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. 9 shows experimentally that most of the terms words in a collection are distributed according to a low dimension n-Poisson model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. Therefore this approach is expected to be generalized to all kinds of resources for opinion retrieval task. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. This property  , if confirmed through further experiments  , would obviate the need to choose from two alternative retrieval methods based on the nature of the search task. Thus  , we avoid confusing fusion improvements with simple parsing or other system differences. This provides the needed document ranking function. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. The derivation leads to theorems and formulae that relate and explain existing IR models. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. To solve the problem in a more principled way  , we introduce our probabilistic methods. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. Different probabilistic retrieval models result in different estimators of Eri and Cn. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. PM Fj|w = PM w|FjPM Fj This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. See 14 for details of this derivation. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. We participated in the 1999 TREC-8 ad hoc text retrieval evalu- ation 8. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. However  , we employ clickthrough query-document pairs to improve segmentation accuracy and further refine the retrieval model by utilizing probabilistic query segmentation. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. To overcome this limitation  , Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14 maps each query term into document fields using probabilistic classification based on collection statistics. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. To improve the performance of passage-based retrieval  , this paper proposes two probabilistic models to estimate the probability of relevance of a document given the evidence of a set of top ranked passages in the document. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. Here we introduce methods for estimating costs based on the most crucial cost source  , retrieval quality. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. , the number of relevant libraries in the result set: 1. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. So far the majority of research work in information retrieval is largely non-probabilistic even though significant headway has been made with probabilistic methods 9. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. WordNet has been used to recognize compound terms and dependencies among terms in these studies. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. The Non-relevant model P d l |θN  is defined in the same way. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. As a future work  , we plan to incorporate term proximity ordered and un-ordered bigram information into our model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. Information Retrieval models have come a long way. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. We compare LDM to both the classical probabilistic model i.e. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. It has been implemented in different retrieval models: vector space model 15  , probabilistic model 13  , and so on. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. It is also observed that the proposed PLM not only outperforms the general document language model  , but also outperforms the regular sliding-window passage retrieval method and a state-of-theart proximity-based retrieval model. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. In this paper  , we propose a query segmentation model that quantifies the uncertainty in segmentation by probabilistically modeling the query and clicked document pairs. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. Finally  , we would like to explore applications of our model in other tasks  , such as Topic Detection and Tracking  , and in other languages. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. However  , their experiments are not conclusive and their retrieval functions are not shown to be effective and robust enough 28. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. The retrieval status value RSV of an image ωi is defined as: We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Note that the retrieval model proposed here is independent of the query segmentation technique. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. The model for mapping is learned using a training set of transcribed annotations. Preliminary experiments showed that increasing the number of features above 40 per code did not improve performance. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. In this section we present our model of key concept selection for verbose queries. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. A key task in information retrieval is to rank a collection of documents according to their respective relevance to a user query. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. The model underlying the scoring function assumes the user has a certain propensity to navigate outward from the initial query results  , and that navigation is directed based on the user's search task. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The NECLA team submitted four automatic runs to the 2012 track. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. 37 Some of the probabilistic models described in the literature have recently been compared and unified 38  , and a new  , ultimate probabilistic model has been proposed which makes maximum use of all available information without implicitly making assumptions about any unknown data. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. df w is the number of documents that contain the term w. |d| is the length of document d. avdl is the average document length. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. Over the decades  , many different retrieval models have been proposed and studied  , including the vector space model 16  , 17  , the classic probabilistic model 7  , 13  , 14 and the language modeling approach 12  , 19. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. , they have a shaded background. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. Experimental results indicate that the model is able to achieve performance that is competitive with current state-of-the-art retrieval approaches. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. A key component of the retrieval model is probabilistic translation from terms in a document to terms in a query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. We highlighted the major difficulty faced by a researcher in classical framework: the need to estimate a relevance model with no training data  , and proposed a novel technique for estimating such models. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. The polarity task is to locate blog posts that express an idea either positive or negative about a target. Further  , 7  do the same for query ics which implicitly express a temporal expression e.g. , " brazil world cup " . We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. In this section  , we present an application of the proposed document ranking approach under the language modelling framework. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . We propose two discriminatively trained probabilistic models that model individual posts as hidden variables. Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. Our new approach focuses on the data  , the term-document matrix X  , ignoring query-speciic information at present. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. Without relevant information  , term weighting function2  , was simplified to IDF-like function. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. The expansion terms and the original query terms were re-weighted. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. We also introduced several probabilistic retrieval methods for the task. Having selected the collections to search  , the retrieval system must also provide techniques for effectively merging the individual ranked lists of documents that are produced. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. This paper presents a framework that combines the modeling of information retrieval on the documents associated with social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. Antionol et al 3 traced C++ source code onto manual pages and Java code to functional requirements . This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. In this paper  , we propose a novel retrieval framework for modeling term dependencies based on the probabilistic calculus offered by QT. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. or at least make explicit  , these heuristic judgments by developing models of queries and documents that could be used to deduce appropriate retrieval strategies. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. In this section we will define the framework that will be used in the subsequent sections to give a probabilistic interpretation of tf×idf term weighting. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. Our generative multi-class approach outputs a natural ranking of words based on a more interpretable probabilistic model 1. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . Given a query Q  , the virtual documents VDCi'S are treated as normal documents and are ranked for Q based on a probabilistic model. In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. For future work we plan to investigate the effect of using reference resolution techniques on the performance of the proposed method. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. This will be published in the near future. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. The two documents are deemed similar to each other as they are co-cited several times. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. A ranked image was considered relevant if it has the same stem as the query. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. However  , it becomes problematic when URIs are made up of meaningless strings like <./928>  , rather than <./James_Cameron>. The last quantity is the probability that a candidate entity is the related entity given passage   , and query . According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. Building on prior DIR research we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a unified probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . Shown is also the error plot illustrating the deviation e Ajx   , Ajx for all possible x. RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. In Model 2  , probability of relevance is interpreted relative to a subset of document properties. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. A series of experiments on TREC collections is presented in Section 5. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. We find that a slope of 0.25 is 22% better than the values published at 0.75. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. The whole collection can now be viewed as a set of x  , y pairs  , which can be viewed as samples from a probabilistic model. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The concepts derived &om the query test by the inference mechanism described in the last section specify important word dependencies . This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past  , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. From the above~ it can be concluded that serious problem.s arise when the BIR or the RPI model is applied to rank the output set of a boolean query and the probabilistic parameters are estimated on parts of this output set In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. There has been a large amount of work dealing with term dependencies in both the probabilistic IR framework and the language modeling framework. In this paper  , we have proposed a novel probabilistic framework for formally modeling the evidence of individual passages in a document. We demonstrated that our dependence model is applicable in the information retrieval system by 1 learning the linkage efficiently in an unsupervised manner; and 2 smoothing the model with different smoothing techniques. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . Thus we test one retrieval model belonging to this category. These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. For the RPI model  , which has been proposed in this paper  , it baa been shown that this model is suited to different kinds of probabilistic indexing. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. mapping " Europe " and " Olympic games " to the entity names field is likely to substantially degrade the accuracy of retrieval results for this query. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We also demonstrate how TNG can help improve retrieval performance in standard ad-hoc retrieval tasks on TREC collections over its two special-case n-gram based topic models. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. Relevant review sentences for new or unpopular products can be very useful for consumers who seek for relevant opinions   , but no previous work has addressed this novel problem . In general   , these approaches can be characterized as methods of estimating the probability of relevance of documents to user queries. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. Engström studied how the topic dependence influences the accuracy of sentiment classification and tried to reduce this de- pendence 5. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. This is in contrast with virtually all the existing work in which a document language model is generally defined for the entire document. A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The best example of this is the vector space model which allows one to talk about the task of retrieval apart from implementation details such as storage media  , and data structures 15. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . 321–332  , 2007. c Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg 2007While classical retrieval tools enable us to search for documents as an atomic unit without any context  , systems like POOL 14  are able to model and exploit the document structure and nested documents. A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. We p r o vide diierent basic models which deenes such a n o t i o n o f randomness in the context of Information Retrieval. Since our focus is on type prediction   , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? ing e.g. , IR theory  , language models   , probabilistic retrieval models  , feature-based models  , learning to rank  , combining searches  , diversity  the most popular model among patent searchers is boolean  , because it provides clear evidence as to why a document was in the retrieved list or not ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. One can  , therefore  , raise the same objection to this assumption on the atomic vectors although it has been demonstrated that atomic vectors are indeed pairwise orthogonal in the strict Boolean retrieval model3 ,4. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. Thus  , TNG is not only a topic model that uses phrases  , but also help linguists discover meaningful phrases in right context  , in a completely probabilistic manner. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. As a new type of probabilistic retrieval models  , language models have been shown to be effective for many retrieval tasks 21  , 28  , 14  , 4 . One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. This implies that there is no need to introduce very sophisticated word probability models: word probabilities only influence the classification through the class prior One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. Extracting ranking functions has been extensively investigated in areas outside database research such as Information Retrieval. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. In other retrieval models  , the concept of ranking for more than two ranks can be similarly interpreted as a preference relation. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The effectiveness of this design strategy will be demonstrated on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. In order to relax these assumptions and to avoid the difficulties imposed by separate indexing and retrieval models  , we have developed an approach to retrieval based on probabilistic language modeling. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. When integrated in LDM  , they achieve significant improvements over state-of-the-art language models and the classical probabilistic retrieval model on the task of ad hoc retrieval on six English and Chinese TREC test sets. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. Our second contribution is showing that the CAL500 data set contains useful information which can be used to train a QBSD music retrieval system. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . Approaches derived from the probabilistic retrieval model are implemented as a summation of " weights " of the query terms that appear in the document  , where the weight is essentially a normalized version of term frequency. For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. Wong and Yao's probabilistic retrieval model is based on an epistemological view of probability for which probabilities are regarded as degrees of belief  , and may not be necessarily learned from statistical data. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. The two main differences are that we do not make distributional assumptions and we do not not distinguish a subset of specialty words or assume a preexisting classification of documents into elite and non-elite sets. It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. Over all six TREC collections  , UG achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BM. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. It seems tempting to make the assumption that terms are also independent if they are not conditioned on a document D. This will however lead to an inconsistency of the model see e.g. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. First we collected a When the probabilistic annotation model is used  , each word image in the testing set is annotated with every term in the annotation vocabulary and a corresponding probability. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Over all six TREC test sets  , UGM achieves the performance similar to  , or slightly worse than  , that of BIR. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Evidence from a variety of sources may be combined using smrctured queries to produce a final probabilistic belief m the relevance of a given document. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. Much work has been accomplished in applying information retrieval techniques to the candidate link generation problem. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. To achieve this  , we develop ranking functions that are based on Probabilistic Information Retrieval PIR ranking models. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The language modeling approach to information retrieval has recently been proposed as a new alternative to traditional vector space models and other probabilistic models. The probability that a query T 1   , T 2   , · · ·   , T n of length n is generated by the language model of the document with identifier D is defined by the following equation: We currently concentrate on system design and integration. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. In contrast  , query expansion uses a limited probabilistic model that assumes independence between features and the model parameters are often fit in a heuristic manner based on term frequency information from the corpus. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The Binary Independence Model BIM has been one of the most influential models in the history of Information Retrieval 3 . The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. Our model is general and simple so that it can be used to efficiently and effectively measure the similarity between any two documents with respect to certain contexts or concepts in information retrieval. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. We believe this is because our system is unique among participants in that it is a combination of two different models. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. This gap has occasioned effort to relate these two models 7  , 8. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. Our initial approach is motivated by heuristic methods used in traditional vector-space information retrieval. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. The term weight is calculated by multiplying probabilities similar to the well-known probabilistic models i.e. , binary independence model 1 and language model e.g. , 2. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. The formal model which is used to investigate the effects of these variables is the 2–Poisson model Harter 5  , Robertson  , van Rijsbergen and Porter 6. MUST currently uses all the possible translations for each content word and performs no weight adjustment. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. In contrast ~o the BIT model  , the RPI model is able to distinguish between different requests using the same query formulation. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. Now the function of a probabilistic search and retrieval system is to combine those and other estimates and to predict  , for each item  , the probability that it would be one of the items wanted by the patron in question. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. We produced by hand REST representations of a set of queries from the CACM collection  , and then automatically generated for each query subsets of terms that the REST representation indicated were related conceptually  , and which thus should be considered mutually dependent in a probabilistic model. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Probabilistic models for document corpora are a central concern for IR researchers. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. Table 4: TopX runs with probabilistic pruning for various at k = 10 a number of novel features: carefully designed  , precomputed index tables and a cost-model for scheduling that helps avoiding or postponing random accesses; a highly tuned method for index scans and priority queue management; and probabilistic score predictors for early candidate pruning. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. So some works defined models that attempt to directly score the documents by taking into account the proximity of the query terms within them. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. Therefore  , according to Model 2  , the function of a document re-trieval system is to compute for each patron the probability that he will judge a document having the properties that he sought relevant; and then to rank the output ac- cordingly. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. Finally  , we demonstrate the benefits of simply establishing a one-to-one mapping between keywords and the states of the semantic classification problem over the more complex  , and currently popular  , joint modeling of keyword and visual feature distributions. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. It is therefore common practice in information retrieval and multimedia databases to use numeric scores in the interval ë0 ,1ë to model user interests ë6  , 5  , 7ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. Next  , we use the highest-ranked concepts for each query to improve the retrieval effectiveness of the verbose queries on several standard TREC newswire and web collections. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. In information retrieval and text mining  , it is quite common to use a word distribution to model topics  , subtopics  , or themes in text3  , 12  , 1  , 21. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. Building on prior research in federated search  , we formulate two collection ranking strategies using a probabilistic retrieval framework based on language modeling techniques. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. In this framework we assume a probabilistic model for the parameters of document and query language models  , and cast the retrieval problem in terms of risk minimization. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. The fact that D i -and D-wide statistical information is employed allows us to assign individual indexing vocabularies j and to the diierent Dj and to D  , respec- tively. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. The RPI model exemplarily used in this paper further transforms the addend into a sum over all query features and then estimate values for the resulting feature-related addends; compare equation 3. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. With the dual goal of relevancy and diversity  , we design a two-stage framework to find a set of questions that can be used to summarize a review. The last quantity í µí±í µí±|í µí±  , í µí±¡  , í µí±   , í µí± is the probability that a candidate entity í µí± is the related entity given passage í µí±   , type t and query í µí±. common search strategies involve different features inventors  , owners  , classes  , references  , whose weights need to be balanced ? Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Given a REST representation of a request  , it is relatively straightforward to generate information for a statistical retrieval strategy . Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. Recall is the proportion of relevant material actually retrieved in answers to a query; and precision is the proportion of retrieved material that is actually relevant. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. Indeed  , when comparing the effectiveness of the retrieval using either <title> or <desc> query types  , we note that <title> queries consistently perform better on a variety of TREC collections see Table 1. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. , considering temporal features 6. In computer architecture design  , prefetching is usually employed to request instructions that are anticipated to be executed in the future and place them in the CPU cache. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. Accordingly  , we present a novel probabilistic approach to fusion that lets similar documents across the lists provide relevance-status support to each other. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. The probability of document d l generated by relevant class is defined as the multinomial distribution: With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Because query segmentation is potentially ambiguous  , we are interested in assessing the probability of a query segmentation under some probability distribution: P S|θ. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. Our models are based on probabilistic language modeling techniques which have been successfully applied in other Information Retrieval IR tasks. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. The future retrieval problem was first presented by Baeza- Yates 3. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. One of the main objects of the project is to bring together these two strands of work on indexing and searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. While this is an ad-hoc method to determine the probabilities of a query model  , it does allow for the ICF to be partially separated from document smoothing. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 19  , 18  , 17  , 22  took a conceptually different approach. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: In 1  , the authors recommend citations to users based on the similarity between a candidate publication's in-link citation contexts and a user's input texts. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. Strictly speaking  , the context of a query term q i ,k occurred at the k-th location of the i-th document is the terms surrounding and including q i ,k . For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. They use a probabilistic retrieval model which assumes that the user generates the query from an ideal internal representation of a relevant document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. A new technique called Parallel Collection Frequency Weighting PCFW is also presented along with an implementation of document expansion using the parallel corpus within the framework of the Probabilistic Model. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. We propose a new  , probabilistic model for combining the ranked lists of documents obtained by any number of query retrieval systems in response to a given query. In this section we give a brief survey of several developments in both of these directions   , highlighting interesting connections between the two. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. To test the effectiveness of these various methods we used them in combination with a probabilistic retrieval incorporating inverse document frequency and within document frequency weights. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Prior knowledge can be used in a standard way in the language modelling approach to information retrieval. Our aim is to see how much improvement can be achieved using proximity information alone without the need for query-specific opinion-lexicon. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. To our knowledge  , no theoretically well founded framework for distributed retrieval is known so far that integrates acceptable non-heuristic solutions to the two problems. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. 6 also pointed out that there is a big gap between term usages of queries and documents and a probabilistic model built through log mining could effectively bridge the gap. have been automatically extra.cted from Boolean queries  , and also where dependencies have been extracted from phrases derived from natural language queries by the user. Those better models would hopefully yield better performance. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. A more sophisticated evaluation of Equation 1 which accounts for this dependence will almost certainly yield improvements in our strategy  , and we are currently pursuing just such an improvement. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. In a training set of Q queries  , P d k |m  , the probability that a document d returned in segment k is relevant  , given that it has been returned by retrieval model m  , is given by: However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. In this work we use the Jelinek–Mercer method for smoothing instead of the Good Turing approach used by Song. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. A naive vector space model based on simple overlap supports both left and right monotonic union 4  and cannot lead to the retrieval of highly specific answers. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. Many problems in machine translation  , information retrieval  , text classification can be modeled as one based on the relation between two spaces. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. Note that all evaluations are performed using interpolated scores at ranks 1 to 20  , averaged over all queries. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. This serves as a measure of closeness between the retrieved images and the training examples for the given query. To tackle these challenges  , we develop a two-stage framework to achieve the goal of retrieving a set of non-redundant questions to represent a product review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. We believe that by combining highly accurate genre classification with a robust retrieval and alignment we will be able to provide an effective tool for searching and browsing for both professionals and amateurs. We explored development of a distributed multidimensional indexing model to enable efficient search and aggregation of entities and terms at multiple levels of document context and distributed across a cloud computing cluster. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The definition of the pnonn operators is an excellent example of how a mathematical model  , in this case the vector space model  , can guide the researcher toward the development of fruitful ideas. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. The two different document-oriented and query-oriented views on how to assign a probability of relevance of a document to a user need have resulted in several different types of practical mod- els 17 . This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. In Information Retrieval Modelling  , the main efforts have been devoted to  , for a specific information need query  , automatically scoring individual documents with respect to their relevance states. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. But this model has never been investigated in experiments  , because of the problem of estimating the required probabilistic parameten. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. Furthermore  , MMR is agnostic to the specific similarity metrics used  , which indeed allows for flexibility  , but makes no indication as to the choice of similarity metrics for Sim1 and Sim2 that are compatible with each other and also appropriate for good performance. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. The precise probabilistic formulation was eventually formalized in 5  , 27 and appears to have been rediscovered by the IR community at large  , through the language modeling work of Ponte and Croft 19  , a few years later. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. In the areas of pattern recognition and of machine learning  , a number of sophisticated procedures for classifying complex objects have been developed . Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Many different retrieval models have been proposed and tested  , including vector space models 13  , 12  , 10   , probabilistic models7  , 16  , 15  , 3  , 6  , 5  , and logic-based models17  , 19  , 2. The actual definition of the term significance weight is Pt; = liD  , which is the probability that term i is assigned to document representative D. For term i in document j  , the term significance weight is referred to by s;j and the resulting ranking function is For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. For certain full-text retrieval systems  , the ideal probabilistic model assumed in the Theorem is not always appropriate. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Game theory also explores interaction. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. ueu 243–318 for an introduction. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Internet advertising is a complex problem. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. The section that follows investigates this challenge. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. This ensures that the child keeps being challenged which is an important factor in both intelligent tutoring systems 17 and game theory 6. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. The methods used to represent these games are well known. Second  , we model advertiser behaviors using a parametric model  , and apply machine learning techniques to learn the parameters in the model. Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. Prete and colleagues proposed REF-FINDER to identify complex refactorings by using template logic rules 30 . BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. A similar approach was developed separately in l collision detection between moving obstacles of arbitrary shapes  , based on results from missile guidance. A variety of robot tasks can be expressed in optimization terms  , and the concept of Nash equilibria provide a u s e ful extension of optimality to multiple robots. An important initial step towards creating such a system is to determine how to computationally represent interactive games. Noise in the form of inaccurate perception of the human's outcome values and actions is another potential challenge. This work is structured as follows. This demand is used to empower a market-level model based on game theory that details the situation the companies in the market are in  , delivering an integrated picture of customers and competitors alike. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The description provides enough information to discriminate this starting The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. See 7 for a more detailed discussion. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. Several different categories of games exist 3. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. , Agent-Based Simulation ABS  , Role-Playing Game RPG  , Cognitive Map  , Dynamic System Theory. Their industrial applications were rarely observed in the literature. In this paper  , we used an optimistic fair-exchange protocol proposed by Micali 13 for fair-contract signing.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The high level goal of this paper is to enhance the theory of designing virtual incentive systems by introducing and studying an alternative utility model. Section 4 describes the implementation of the architecture  , Section 5 presents the experimental results and Section 6 concludes the paper. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field  , a creator  , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity  , authorship and production. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. Taking into account recent behavioural analyses of online communities and games 24   , entertainment seekers can be expected to put considerable dedication into producing high-quality results to earn more points in a game to progress into higher difficulty levels or a rank on the high score leaderboard. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. Online communities have been a recurrent research topic for many years  , attracting great interest among computing scholars  , social scientists  , and economists. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. , l  , and in motion planning 2  , 4  , 111. and S C_ F represent an znformatzon state. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. 3  , we can verify the box headed Compatibility. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. We first formally define the behavior of a non-malicious and a malicious node in the system using the game theory approach 5. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. Finally  , authors in 7 analyze the impact of non-cooperative users in a system of multiple parallel non-observable queues by studying the Price of Anarchy PoA  , the worst-case performance loss of the selfish equilibrium with respect to its centralized counterpart. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. Furthermore  , a comparison with the heuristic solutions adopted by SaaS and IaaS providers for the run time cloud management will be also performed. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. Following Csikszentmihalyi's theory of Flow 12  , a state of deep immersion is a good foundation for high performance independent of the concrete task at hand. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. We start from a theoretical model based on Game Theory   , which builds on a few assumptions and leads us to our first result  , linking TCT with inclination to risk. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. As a result of her actions  , an alert is also sent to the owner of the reading list  , informing that Shaelyn copied items from it. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Good imaginability allows city dwellers to feel at home mental maps of good cities are economical of mental effort and  , as a result  , their collective well-being thrives Lynch 1960 . An outcome matrix represents an interaction by expressing the outcomes afforded to each interacting individual with respect each pair of potential behaviors chosen by the individuals. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. The PDG scenario enables to implicitly measure mentalizing or Theory of Mind ToM abilities  , a technique commonly applied in functional imaging. Characterizing predictability. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. , game theory  , ethical theories  , finance  , etc. The EDSER workshops thus function not as mini-conferences but as working sessions. Therefore we propose to optimize the calculation based on the structural relevance of the axioms and properties of the defined inconsistency measure. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. For extroverted participants  , robot's intervention increases people's heart rate in easy game level and decreases it in the difficult level. The instructions were not in a natural-language format. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. Since this is a zero-sum game  , the Minimax value is also used to determine the appraisal variable DesirabilityForOther with other being the user by applying a negative sign to the desirability value. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . Indeed the choice primarily depends  , in some complicated fashion  , on the level of confidence the robot has in its estimate of the world. Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. The efficiency coefficient κ j is of particular interest  , because it represents how efficient company j is when fixing its price  , a well-known result in game theory. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. These unavoidable characteristics of the multi-robot domain will necessarily limit the efficiency with which coordination can be achieved. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. Similarly  , when designing a new method for MRTA  , our definition of the problem and our exposition on previous approaches may prove useful. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. Our main goal at this stage is to demonstrate the utility of using mathematical models to analyze the outcome of preservation strategies in practical situations. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. The underlying theory being that a character that is making progress will be content with their current guild. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. Our long-term goal is to develop the computational underpinnings that will allow a robot to learn new patterns of interaction from an inexperienced person's instructions. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. This is in contrast to the very large body of work in experimental game theory; see  , e.g. , the surveys in 7  , 6. Differently from our point of view  , in 32 the problem of the capacity allocation is considered for a single virtualized server among competing user requests  , while in this paper we consider the infrastructure data center at a higher granularity i.e. , VMs. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. Although framed mainly in the context of a specific set of game rules  , we extend the theory into the real world by first observing that user population on Steam Community does not follow real-world geographic population and  , more importantly   , cheaters are not uniformly distributed. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. The dynamics that these elements define can be modeled by game theory 8 which proposes results based on a solid economical background to understand the actions taken by agents when maximizing their benefit in non-cooperative environments . On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This vulnerability stems from the fundamental role of participants in an online world: to provide value  , the distinct pseudonyms must engage in interactions that are likely to be informationrich   , and are hence susceptible to a new set of attacks whose success properties are not yet well understood. Companies that are less efficient  , on the other hand  , present smaller values  , which indicate that their main drivers to fix prices are their observed costs and their lack of interest or capacity to take demand into account. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. One of the most widely used " solution concept " in Game Theory is the Nash Equilibrium approach: A set of strategies for the players constitute a Nash Equilibrium if no player can benefit by changing his/her strategy while the other players keep their strategies unchanged or  , in other words  , every player is playing a best response to the strategy choices of his/her opponents. On the other hand  , critics have contended that claims of success often paper over track records of failure 48   , that expert predictions are no better than random 55  , 20   , that most predictions are wrong 47  , 14  , 40  , and even that predicting social and economic phenomena of any importance is essentially impossible 54. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. , how they determine the set S. The criterion for choosing S is for the advertiser to pick a set of keyphrases that searchers may use in their query when looking for their products. Once that is determined  , they need to strategize in the auction that takes place for each of the queries in S. A lot of research has focused on the game theory and optimization behind these auctions  , both from the search engine 1  , 16  , 6  , 2  , 10  , 4 and advertiser 3  , 8  , 5  , 11 points of view. In particular  , the work from this paper was used to design a campaign to acquire competitors' customers  , which had a high positive response rate and allowed to increase the market share of company E  , a fact that gives even more credibility to the application of such models in companies. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. 2 summarizes related works. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. This behavior promotes the local cache. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. If the predicate belongs to the profile  , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Our model is similar to DLESE although the latter does not support an interactive map-based interface or an environment for online learning. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. , are provided by the Access Service itself. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. Furthermore  , resources aggregated in a collection can be found more easily than if they were disjoint. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. The CS presented in this paper implements a new approach for supporting dynamic and virtual collections  , it supports the dynamic creation of new collections by specifying a set of definition criteria and make it possible to automatically assign to each collection the specialized services that operate on it. Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. GGGP is an extension of genetic programming. The term "Genetic Programming" was first introduced by Koza 12 and it enables a computer to do useful things by automatic programming. The proposed approach provides the generation of the error recovery logic using a method called Genetic Programming GP. However  , whether the balance can be achieved by genetic programming used by GenProg has still been unknown so far. Compared to random search  , genetic programming used by GenProg can be regard as efficient only when the benefit in terms of early finding a valid patches with fewer number of patch trials  , brought by genetic programming  , has the ability of balancing the cost of fitness evaluations  , caused by genetic programming itself. The problems all shared a common set of primitives. We used strongly typed genetic programming Finally  , GGGP was applied to create reference models. The core of this engine is a machine learning technique called Genetic Programming GP. Given a problem  , the basic idea behind genetic programming 18 is to generate increasingly better solutions of the given problem by applying a number of genetic operators to the current population . As we have formalized link specifications as trees  , we can use Genetic Programming GP to solve the problem of finding the most appropriate complex link specification for a given pair of knowledge bases. For simplification  , we can measure the efficiency of GenProg using the NTCE when a valid patch is found 39. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. In Section 2  , we provide background information on term-weighting components and genetic programming. This paper is organized as follows. l   , who used genetic programming to evolve control programs for modular robots consisting of sliding-style modules 2  , 81. al. Several program repair approaches assume the existence of program specification. We have compared our technique with genetic programming 2  , 6. First  , the initial population is generated  , and then genetic operators  , such as Genetic programming GP is a means of automatically generating computer programs by employing operations inspired by biological evolution 6. One of the key problems of genetic programming is that it is a nondeterministic procedure. Genetic operators simulate natural selection mechanisms such as mutation and reproduction to enable the creation of individuals that best abide by a given fitness function. These primitives were d e signed to aid genetic programming in finding a solution and either encapsulated problem specific information or low-level information that was thought to be helpful for obtaining a solution. In addition  , gradient primitives   , shown to be effective for communication in modular robots We also gave the genetic programming runs additional primitives for each problem. Determining which information to add was the result of parallel attempts to examine the unsuccessful results produced by the genetic programming and attempts to hand code problem solutions. In this paper  , we try to investigate the two questions via the performance comparison between genetic programming and random search. Furthermore  , the question of whether the benefit brought by genetic programming can balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations is not addressed. One novel part of our work is that we use a Genetic Programming GP based technique called ARRANGER Automatic geneRation of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming to discover ranking functions automatically Fan 2003a. But most of those ranking functions are manually designed by experts based on heuristics  , experience  , observations  , and statistical theories. Ranking functions usually could not work consistently well under all situations. We compared EAGLE with its batch learning counterpart. In this paper we presented EAGLE  , an active learning approach for genetic programming that can learn highly accurate link specifications. Other researchers used classifier systems 17  or genetic programming paradigm 3  to approach the path planning problem. Both approaches assume a predefined map consisting of fixed knot points. RQ2 is designed to answer the question. proposed GenProg  , an automatic patch generation technique based on genetic programming. However  , we could not fully verify the qualifications of the survey participants.  In Section 3  , we present our Combined Component Approach for similarity calculation. Individuals in the new generation are produced based on those in the current one. Genetic Programming searches for the " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. 19  select ranking functions using genetic programming   , maximizing the average precision on the training data. As a follow-on to this work  , Lacerda et al. GP maintains a population of individual programs. Genetic programming GP is a computational method inspired by biological evolution  , which discovers computer programs tailored to a particular task 19. Individuals in a new generation are produced based on those in the previous one. Genetic Programming searches for an " optimal " solution by evolving the population generation after generation. The entity resolution ER problem see 14 ,3  for surveys shares many similarities with link discovery. Later  , approaches combining active learning and genetic programming for LD were developed 10 ,21. An individual represents a tentative solution for the target problem. In Genetic Programming  , a large number of individuals  , called a population  , are maintained at each generation. 17  propose matching ads with a function generated by learning the impact of individual features using genetic programming. A. Lacerda et al. This approach randomly mutates buggy programs to generate several program variants that are possible patch candidates. The 'Initial Repair' heading reports timing information for the genetic programming phase and does not include the time for repair minimization. Successful repairs were generated for each program. for a mobile robot via genetic programming with automatically defined functions  , Table 5. collision avoidance as well as helping achieve the overall task. 7  proposed a new approach to automatically generate term weighting strategies for different contexts  , based on genetic programming GP. Fan et al. Interested readers can reference that paper or  The details of our system and methodology for Genetic Programming GP are discussed in our Robust track paper. Generate an initial population of random compositions of the functions and terminals of the problem solutions. Genetic programming uses four steps to solve problems: 1. GP is expansion of GA in order to treat structural representation. Genetic ProgrammingGP is the method of learning and inference using this tree-based representation". As our time and human resources were limited for taking two tasks simultaneously  , in this task we only concentrate on testing our ranking function discovery technique  , ARRANGER Automatic Rendering of RANking functions by GEnetic pRogramming Fan 2003a  , Fan 2003b  , which uses Genetic Programming GP to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for various information needs. We submitted results on both topic distillation and home page/named page finding tasks. Given the problem  , RQ1 asks whether genetic programming used by GenProg works well to benefit the generation of valid patches. Although some promising results for GenProg have been presented in some recent serial papers 40  , 23  , 21  , 38  , 10  , 22  , the problem of whether the promising results are got based on the guidance of genetic programming or just because the mutation operations are powerful enough to tolerate the inaccuracy of used fitness function has never been studied. Although promising results have been shown in their work  , the problem of whether the promising results are caused by genetic programming or just because the used mutation operations are very effective is still not be addressed. Both GenProg and Par use the same fault localization technique to locate faulty statements  , and genetic programming to guide the patch search  , but differ in the concrete mutation operations. Genetic Programming GP 14 is a Machine Learning ML technique that helps finding good answers to a given problem where the search space is very large and when there is more than one objective to be accomplished. Having this in mind  , we propose a genetic programmingbased approach to handle this problem. Also  , the work in 24  applies Genetic Programming to learn ranking functions that select the most appropriate ads. However  , we propose a learning method to maximize Click-through-Rate CTR for impressions. The experimental results show that the matching function outperforms the best method in 21 in finding relevant ads. We also compared our method with genetic programming based repair techniques. To assess the efficiency and effectiveness of our technique  , we employed SEMFIX tool to repair seeded defects as well as real defects in an open source software. Genetic programming approaches support more complex repairs but rely on heuristics and hence lack these important properties. Our focus on constant prints allows us to perform exhaustive search for repairs  , ensuring both completeness and minimality. GP makes it possible to solve complex problems for which conventional methods can not find an answer easily. The return value of a fitness function must appropriately measure how well an individual  , which represents a solution  , can solve the target problem. Our first approach extends a state-of-the-art tag recommender based on Genetic Programming to include novelty and diversity metrics both as attributes and in the objective function 1. We have already proposed and evaluated two different strategies. Koza applied GP Genetic Programming to automatic acquisition of subsum tion architecture to perform wall-following behavior  ?2. So far  , many researchers applied GA to motion acquisition problems for robots or virtual creatures. Given that genetic programming is non-deterministic  , all results presented below are the means of 5 runs. All non-RDF datasets were transformed into RDF and all string properties were set to lower case. Each experiment was ran on a single thread of a server running JDK1.7 on Ubuntu 10.0.4 and was allocated maximally 2GB of RAM. We also employed GenProg to repair the bugs in Coreutils. This confirms that if the repair expression does not exist in other places of the program  , genetic programming based approaches have rather low chance of synthesizing the repair. Learning approaches based on genetic programming have been most frequently used to learn link specifications 5 ,15 ,17. The idea behind active learners also called curious classifiers 18 is to query for the labels of In addition  , it usually requires a large training data set to detect accurate solutions. Another genetic programming-based approach to link discovery is implemented in the SILK framework 15. Thus  , it is only able to learn a subset of the specifications that can be generated by EAGLE. This representation is used as knowledge representation and is considered to suit as knowledge re~resentation~l. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , overtraining is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. They form the ranking function candidate pool. Finally  , we applied data mining DM techniques based on grammar-guided genetic programming GGGP to create reference models useful for defining population groups. This way  , symbolic sequences can be automatically compared to detect similarities  , class patients  , etc. The average time required by SEMFIX for each repair is less than 100 seconds. Out of the 90 buggy programs  , with a test suite size of 50 — SEMFIX repaired 48 buggy programs while genetic programming repaired only 16. We also notice that GenProg failed for all arithmetic bugs. There has also been work on synthesizing programs that meet a given specification. These functions are discovered using genetic programming GP and a state-of-the-art classifier optimumpath forest OPF 3  , 4. The method detects these cases by exploiting a combination of automatically generated similarity functions. We use genetic programming to evolve program variants until one is found that both retains required functionality and also avoids the defect in question. Instead  , it works on off-the-shelf legacy applications and readily-available testcases . A framework for tackling this problem based on Genetic Programming has been proposed and tested. In this paper  , we considered the problem of classification in the context of document collections where textual content is scarce and imprecise citation information exists. Furthermore  , we will aim at devising automatic configuration approaches for EAGLE. The following experiments were run by connecting FX- PAL'S genetic programming system to a modular robot simulator  , built by J. Kubica and S. Vassilvitskii. The expansion and contraction of these arms provide the modules with their only form of motion. Active learning approaches based on genetic programming adopt a comitteebased setting to active learning. In this setting  , the information content of a pair s  , t is usually inverse to its distance from the boundary of C t . As the planning motion  , we give this system vertical movement and one step walk. With this system  , we simulate motion generation hierarchically for six legged locomotion robot using Genetic Programming. Sims studied on co-evolution of motion controller and morphology of rirtual creatures 3. All the experiments were conducted on a Core 2 Quad 2.83GHz CPU  , 3GB memory computer with Ubuntu 10.04 OS. The classifier uses these similarity functions to decide whether or not citations belong to a same author. Subsequently  , we give some insight in active learning and then present the active learning model that underlies our work. We show how the discovery of link specifications can consequently be modeled as a genetic programming problem. GP is a machine learning technique inspired by biological evolution to find solutions optimized for certain problem characteristics. To give proper answers for these questions  , we propose a new approach to content-targeted advertising based on Genetic Programming GP. The main inconvenient of this approach is that it is not deterministic. Here  , the mappings are discovered by using a genetic programming approach whose fitness function is set to a PFM. Using an error situation obtained with the sampled parameters  , a fitness unction based on the allowed recovery criteria can be defined. In Genetic Programming  , each member in the population is a computer program for the solution of the problem. We used strongly typed genetic programming The specific primitives added for each problem are discussed with setup of the the initial population  , results of crossover and mutation  , and subtrees created during mutation respectively . The three most common and most important methods are: Genetic programming applies a number of different possible conditions to the best solutions to create the next generation of solutions. The goal of grammarguided genetic programming is to solve the closure problem 7. However  , the computational cost of this approach is extremely high for problems requiring large population sizes 6 . Other approaches based on genetic programming e.g. , 17 detect matching properties while learning link specifications  , which currently implements several time-efficient approaches for link discovery. For example  , 16 relies on the hospital-residents problem to detect property matches. Although they also used genetic programming  , their evaluation was limited to small programs such as bubble sorting and triangle classification  , while our evaluation includes real bugs in open source software. introduced an automatic patch generation technique 5. The 'Time' column reports the wall-clock average time required for a trial that produced a primary repair. Since an appropriate stopping rule is hard to find for the Genetic Programming approach  , over-training is inevitable unless protecting rules are set. Only the most robust and consistent functions are selected and they form the ranking function candidate pool. Realizing this  , we use tree-based representation as motion knowledge and construct the system using tree-based representation. Similarly  , the approach presented in 21 assumes that a 1-to-1 mapping is to be discovered. Supervised batch learning approaches for learning such classifiers must rely on large amounts of labeled data to achieve a high accuracy. This paper has reported our initial experiments aimed at investigating whether evolutionary programming  , and genetic programming in particular can evolve multiple robot controllers that utilise communication to improve their ability to collectively perform a task. Communication fitness for controller of Figure  93503 For the last 2 programs in Figure 1b  , the advantage of RSRepair is statistical significance; although there exists no significant difference for the remaining 4 programs due to too small sample sizes no more than 20 in the " Size " column of Figure 1b  , RSRepair has the smaller NCP in terms of Mean and Median. For the representation problem  , GenProg represents each candidate patch as the Abstract Syntax Tree AST of the patched program. As described in 15  , GenProg needs to implement two key ingredients before the application of genetic programming: 1 the representation of the solution and 2 the definition of the fitness function. With the hypothesis that some missed important functionalities may occur in another position in the same program  , GenProg attempts to automatically repair defective program with genetic programming 38. GenProg 2 has the ability of fixing bugs in deployed  , legacy C programs without formal specifications. Then  , in this subsection we plan to investigate to what extent genetic programming used by GenProg worsens the repair efficiency over random search used by RSRepair. " Hence  , it is not surprising that GenProg  , most often  , took more time to repair successfully faulty programs  , on average  , in Table  2. Our technique takes as input a program  , a set of successful positive testcases that encode required program behavior  , and a failing negative testcase that demonstrates a defect. Our classification approach combines a genetic programming GP framework  , which is used to define suitable reference similarity functions   , with the Optimum-Path Forest OPF classifier  , a graph-based approach that uses GP-based edge weights to assign input references to the correct authors. The proposed system uses that information along with pure training samples defined by an unsupervised approach   , in a hybrid classification scheme. As we can see  , Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. Better solutions are obtained either by inheriting and reorganizing old ones or by lucky mutation  , simulating Darwinian Evolution. Further  , given the negative impact of irrelevant ads on credibility and brand of publishers and advertisers  , how to design functions that minimize the placement of irrelevant ads  , especially when the relevant ones are not available ? Then  , we give an overview of the grammar that underlies links specifications in LIMES and show how the resulting specifications can be represented as trees. sKDD transforms the original numerical temporal sequences into symbolic sequences  , defines a symbolic isokinetics distance SID that can be used to compare symbolic isokinetics sequences   , and provides a method  , SYRMO  , for creating symbolic isokinetics reference models using grammar-guided genetic programming. This paper has focused on the I4 project's sKDD subsystem. We developed a genetic programming approach to finding consensus structural motifs in a set of RNA sequences known to be functionally related. Knowing the common structural motifs in a set of coregulated RNA sequences will help us better understand the regulation mechanism. Of these techniques  , GenProg and Par  , the two awardwinning patch generation techniques  , presented the very promising results. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 18. Arithmetic operators and the log function are internal nodes while different numerical features of the query and ad terms can be leafs of the function tree. Their approach relies on formal specifications  , which our approach does not require. Recent work has addressed this drawback by relying on active learning  , which was shown in 15 to reduce the amount of labeled data needed for learning link specifications. For example  , the genetic programming approach used in 7 has been shown to achieve high accuracies when supplied with more than 1000 positive examples. For example   , the approach presented in 5 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. Although unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 17  , most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. In this paper we have introduced a new approach based on the combination of term weighting components  , extracted from well-known information retrieval ranking formulas  , using genetic programming. Finally  , but not less important  , we also intend to examine closely the discovered best ranking functions to understand better how they work and the reasons for their effectiveness. Genetic Programming has been widely used and approved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " Holland  , 1975. Genetic Programming shows its sharp edge in solving such kind of problems  , since its internal tree structure representation for " individuals " can be perfectly used for describing ranking functions. We can actually treat the ranking function space as a space consists of all kinds of tree structures. Section 2 of the paper gives an overview of the I4 Intelligent Interpretation of Isokinetics Information system  , of which this research is part. A follow-up work 13 proposes a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro- Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision. Guided by genetic programming  , GenProg has the ability to repair programs without any specification  , and GenProg is commonly considered to open a new research area of general automated program repair 26  , 20  , although there also exists earlier e.g. , 5  , 2 and concurrent work on this topic 6. Automated repair techniques have received considerable recent research attentions. In a follow-up work 7 the authors propose a method to learn impact of individual features using genetic programming to produce a matching function. To solve this problem  , Ribeiro-Neto et al expand the page vocabulary with terms from other similar pages weighted based on the overall similarity of the origin page to the matched page  , and show improved matching precision.   , but none of these strategies reaches the level of applicability and the speed of execution of random testing. Several other strategies for input generation have been proposed symbolic execution combined with constraint solving 30  , 18  , direct setting of object fields 5  , genetic programming 29  , etc. In order to answer these questions  , we choose ARRANGER – a Genetic Programming-based discovery engine 910 to perform the ranking function tuning. Genetic Programming has been widely used and proved to be effective in solving optimization problems  , such as financial forecasting  , engineering design  , data mining  , and operations management 119. Computer programs that evolve in ways that resemble natural selection can solve complex problems even their creators do not fully understand " 16. In the following  , we present our implementation of the different GP operators on link specifications and how we combine GP and active learning. This approach is yet a batch learning approach and it consequently suffers of drawbacks of all batch learning approaches as it requires a very large number of human annotations to learn link specifications of a quality comparable to that of EAGLE. The robot modules we consider are the TeleCube modules currently being developed at Xerox PARC 13 and shown in Figure 1 . Still  , none of the active learning approaches for LD presented in previous work made use of the similarity of unlabeled link candidates to improve the convergence of curious classifiers. While the first active genetic programming approach was presented in 4  , similar approaches for LD were developed later 7 ,15 . For example  , the approach presented in 8 relies on large amounts of training data to detect accurate link specification using genetic programming. With regard to the generation of link specifications  , some unsupervised techniques were newly developed see  , e.g. , 22  , but most of the approaches developed so far abide by the paradigm of supervised machine learning. This absence of any system in choosing inputs is also what exposes random testing to the most criticism. 15 proposes an approach based on the Cauchy-Schwarz inequality that allows discarding a large number of superfluous comparisons. Particularly  , we investigate an inductive learning method – Genetic Programming GP – for the discovery of better fused similarity functions to be used in the classifiers  , and explore how this combination can be used to improve classification effectiveness . In this work we try to overcome these problems by applying automatically discovered techniques for fusion of the available evidence. Genetic Programming takes a so-called stochastic search approach  , intelligently  , extensively  , and " randomly " searching for the optimal point in the entire solution space. It provides sound solutions to many difficult problems  , for which people have not found a theoretical or practical breakthrough. Another approach to contextual advertising is to reduce it to the problem of sponsored search advertising by extracting phrases from the page and matching them with the bid phrase of the ads. The results show that genetic programming finds matching functions that significantly improve the matching compared to the best method without page side expansion reported in 8. These primitives were largely derived directly from the basic actions and abilities of the modules and simple computational constructs. The best computer program that appeared in any generation  , the best-so-far solution  , is designated as the result of genetic programming Koza 19921. Additionally  , our approach synthesizes grasps  , with no a priori constraints on initial grasps  , as opposed to lo  , in which grasp primitives are learned based on a given set of grasp primitives. That is  , compared to random search  , genetic programming does not bring benefits in term of fewer NCP in this case to balance the cost caused by fitness evaluations. As presented in RQ1  , to find a valid patch  , GenProg  , in most cases  , requires not fewer NCP than RSRepair. 26  introduced the idea of program repair using genetic programming  , where existing parts of code are used to patch faults in other parts of code and patching is restricted to those parts that are relevant to the fault. Weimer et al. We note that this weakness is inherent in any test suite based program repair  , since no formal program specification is given and repairs can only be generated with respect to limited number of given tests. This is the major motivation to choose GP for the ranking function discovery task. Based on the plaintext collection  , our ARRANGER engine  , a Genetic Programming GP based ranking function discovery system  , is used to discover the " optimal " ranking functions for the topic distillation task. Instead  , we construct a " surrogate " plaintext collection by merging full text content with all the anchor information for a page. The function is represented as a tree composed of arithmetic operators and the log function as internal nodes  , and different numerical features of the query and ad terms as leafs. With flexible GP operators and structural motif representations  , our new method is able to identify general RNA secondary motifs. We choose not to record the genetic programming operations performed to obtain the variant as an edit script because such operations often overlap and the resulting script is quite long. For example  , our variants often include changes to control flow e.g. , if or while statements for which both the opening brace { and the closing brace } must be present; throwing away part of such a patch results in a program that does not compile. The isolation of the search strategies from the search space makes the solution compatible with that of Valduriez891 and thus applicable to more general database programming languages which can be deductive or object-oriented Lanzelotte901. This is illustrated by modeling within the same framework different enumerative  , randomized and genetic search strategies  , Furthermore  , we show how the search strategies thus produced can be controlled in the sense that successful termination can be enforced by assertions. Yet  , so far  , none of these approaches has made use of the correlation between the unlabeled data items while computing the set of most informative items. Several approaches that combine genetic programming and active learning have been developed over the course of the last couple of years and shown to achieve high F-measures on the deduplication see e.g. , 4 and LD see e.g. , 15 problems. Furthermore  , affected by GenProg  , Par also uses genetic programming to guide the patch search in the way like GenProg. After that  , general automated program repair has gone from being entirely unheard of to having its own multi-paper sessions  , such as " Program Repair " session in ICSE 2013  , in many top tier conferences 20  , and many researchers justify the advantage of their techniques  , such as Par and SemFix  , via the comparison with GenProg. The fact that it has been successfully applied to similar problems  , has motivated us to use it as a basis for discovering good similarity functions for record replica identification. This approach captures the novelty and diversity of a list of recommended tags implicitly  , by introducing metrics that assess the semantic distance between different tags diversity and the inverse of the popularity of the tag in the application novelty. AutoFix-E 37 can repair programs but requires for the contracts in terms of pre-and post-conditions. Running test cases typically dominated GenProg's runtime " 22  , which is also suitable for RSRepair  , so we use the measurement of NTCE to compare the repair efficiency between GenProg and RSRepair  , which is also consistent with traditional test case prioritization techniques aiming at early finding software bugs with fewer NTCE. Short titles may mislead the results  , specially generic titles such as Genetic Programming  , then we add the publication venue title to this type of query. If ti comprises only one or two words  , the query is formed by the quoted title ti followed by the first four author names  , similar to the previously described query  , also not permitting one word error  , followed by an AND statement using the first four words from the publication venue title vi. That is  , RSRepair immediately discards one candidate patch once the patched program fails to pass some test case. Unlike genetic programming which requires fitness evaluation in the sense that GenProg has to run fixed size of test cases to compute the fitness of a candidate patch even if GenProg has been aware that the patch is invalid i.e. , the patched program has ever failed to pass some test case  , random search has no such constraint. Recently  , in the paper 40 genetic programming is proposed to fix automatically the general bugs  , and a prototype tool called GenProg based on this technique is implemented. We conducted a set of experiments aiming to evaluate the proposed disambiguation system in comparison with stateof-the-art methods on two well-known datasets. To the best of our knowledge  , the problem of discovering accurate link specifications has only been addressed in very recent literature by a small number of approaches: The SILK framework 14  now implements a batch learning approach to discovery link specifications based on genetic programming which is similar to the approach presented in 6. Note that the task of discovering links between knowledge bases is closely related with record linkage 30 ,10 ,5 ,17. These are supervised approaches that begin with a small number of labeled links and then inquire labels for data items that promise to improve their accuracy. The evaluation has shown that the numerical and symbolic reference models generated from isokinetics tests on top-competition sportsmen and women are  , in the expert's opinion  , similar. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. Mapping. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. The latter results in the visualization of the SSG. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . We show a mutually recursive relationship between bias and unbiased rating  , i.e. , we write bias as a function of unbiased rating and unbiased rating as a function of bias. Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. If the path has no recursive nodes  , the function simply returns the cardinality of the path. Recursive navigation. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. We followed a third approach to recursive queries in designing Jasmine/C. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. This approach provides a more precise result type  , and the resulting expression does not require useless evaluation with respect to the type information. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. Consider the following piece of code: The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. , which implies the theorem immediately. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H , For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In the original model  , the occurrence of the loop can then be replaced by a simple call to this recursive function instead . In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. However  , the XQuery core cannot properly type recursive XML queries 2  , 10  , 11. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. Moreover  , they consider nonrecursive functions only  , and even the XQuery core cannot optimize recursive functions 2  , 10  , 11 . The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form A comment with each of the public attributes indicates its t~  , all other inherited attributes are recursive. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. This special form allows the use of the recursive backstepping procedure for the controller design 15. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. The cost of the path from the reference host  , ~  , to node ~ along a particular path  , Pk  , is represented by f~oPk. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. However  , we have observed that some function classes in XQuery would be inlined more systematically under the guidance of type information. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. It is still conceivable  , however  , that the iterative program may terminate and return some value even though the recursive program does not. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. Programmers can now incorporate the " loop " predicate in the assertions to check for the possibility or inevitability of infinite loops. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. We have proven theorems stating both types of relationships  , including the example above. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The stopping point of the recursion is the second rule for an empty sequence type. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. Dowtmard and upward recursions cannot bs in the same function definition. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The function COMPUTE ENTROPY evaluates the entropy associated with the histogram of the pixels in the node's area. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. Let R be the set of points in the query result. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. One aid is to intepret the axioms as defining a set of recursive functions. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. In case of a cycle i.e. , recursive function calls  , we follow the cycle until the annotations stabilize. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. The resulting trees are stored in newSet. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. For +&mple  , tze recursive function for Sjeft is The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. The first mode of the beam was estimated in real-time utilizing the Empirical Transfer Function Estimator ETFE 17. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. While function inlining has been used in the programming language community  , our function inlining differs significantly in that it inlines a structurally  recursive function with the guidance of type information. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. The guiding principle is making good use of type information available in both a query and its environment 11 in which it is evaluated. A new data attribute is tested during integration testing when it is integrated into GR by testing A with member functions with which it interacts. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Similar effects can also be achieved using recursive functions to generate recursive relations or to test membership recursively. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. When the action to be taken is considered the first step of a longer sequence  , computing the utility function may involve motion planning  , or even game-tree search  , if reactions of other objects are taken into account. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The above recursive equation hierarchically performs temporal segmentation of the time series i.e. , our onset signatures into multiple parts  , and obtains a histogram of time series gradients corresponding to each of them. Since the function getBib is nonrecursive   , we introduce another function: define function s1xs:AnyType $a returns xs:AnyType { for $n in $a return typeswitch $n as $x case element titlexs:AnyType return $x  , s1children$x case  return  default return s1children$x } Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The tuple operations include maps to tuple projection and from tuple construction domain objects. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. Let the structural parameter be a parameter of any sequence type which is used for structural recursion. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. However  , this may not provide useful type information when the return type is  , for instance  , xs:AnyType. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. Attributes are circled  , and edges are marked with their function types. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. Note that 2.3 is a recursive call for a NE ?J ? The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. It is an efficient method to compute the grandfather of a set of persons. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. DB-L is weakly sufficiently complete. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. These clauses are well-defined provided the negation operator is not used in front of recursive predicates. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. with respect to some conventional programming language. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. All of these approaches fail for programs that include looping behaviors that do not fit their limited scope. If a call graph contains no cycles  , it is guaranteed that all functions in the call graph will be annotated. ==>for$nin$sec0return typeswitch $nas$x caseSectionreturns1'children$x defaultreturn In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. However  , we cannot use the first approach when the argument is any expression other than the path expression . This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. if f is recursively defined   , the meaning of f is given by the least fixed point of the higher-order and non-recursive function Af.e see Sch86 . We cannot expect the same transformation method to work here for several reasons. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. These results are stored in a method stack along the result of old expressions lines 8 and 9  , Figure 1. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Box 2 in Figure 4shows the result of the horizontal optimization. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. At this point in the proof the theorem prover needs to do a proof by induction. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. , by applying full-text retrieval methods  , so 1 is a recursive function. For X being a counterargument  , it should be A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. Section 2 introduces the adjacency structure and describes how it is used to recursively evaluate the support function. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. Therefore  , each link will be moved back with the angular displacement corresponding to its location with respect to the other links. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Each type in the schema has a handler  , analogous to a function  , which is composed of the basic instructions . Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. The other is that Repeatable also handles loops that arise from user interaction with the dom. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. For the predicate function Pred  , a step with no children simply returns itself. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. We show how the transformation intertwines both functions yielding a program which computes the aggregate function while sorting. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. the answer we are generating is still optimum  , thus  , it preserves the monotonicity. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. We have addressed this problem in this paper. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. We then label every DOM node to be either an insignificant  , inline or line-break node  , based on its tag and position information. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 3  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid read quorum. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. The function call s1$roots produces the expected results a sequence of title elements. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. A function's effects depend on the effects of its callees as well its overriding functions   , potentially causing a function to be analyzed several times. If a component can be instantiated in an empty context at the root of an application  , the recursive function is used to generate its equivalent in B. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. The way rules are activated with respect to the events of a transaction is described by a recursive function evaluate  , which takes as parameters a stream of events and a database state. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. By doing so  , we do not need to find out all function/procedure calls in the program  , but we simply modify the entry part of each function/procedure slightly. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . In our example  , the only entry of the graph is " Floor- Request " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. During horizontal transformation sum_byBA and mergeA are combined by operator L. To translate their combination into an iterative program during vertical transformation  , we generate the new function sum-mergeB ,A which performs merging and aggregation si- multaneously. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. Termination plays a key role in ACL2  , as every defined function using the definitional principle must be shown to terminate before ACL2 will admit it. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. 0 Identifying classes of recursions for which the time to compute a sample is a function of the sample size is an interesting open question. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. Instead of trying to achieve a simple two-step procedure  , the novel ranking function  , revenue direct-optimization  , aims to directly maximize the approximate empirical revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. GEOY_CBJPART is an entity-valued function that stores the PART's shape  , and also the position and location relative to each superpart. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. First  , introduce a recursive function definition for exponentiation: function EXP X  , Y: INT = pre INT'GE Y  , 0 measure ORDINAL'VAL Y begin if Y = 0 then 1 else TIMES X  , EXP X  , HIBUS Y  , I end if end EXP; Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Operationally then  , Y has the affect of producing a new copy of Y H the " meaning " of the factorial function upon each recursive call. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Simultaneously  , the Razumikhin function is also used to prove the stability of the time-delay systems due to the com­ plicated construction of the functional . Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. This is because the order by which each node-pair is to be joined is determined by the recursive depth-first sequence that consequently makes it difficult to globally modify any ordering of traversal. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. when a nested tuple is mapped to a flat one and the translation takes the leaf attributes of the nested input tuple and glues them together to form a flat tuple3; and global rules where the translation function handles the whole subtree rooted at the vertex i.e. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. As a result  , XQuery can then be used to access the data structure part of the RDF document  , while using entailment to access its semantics. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. if sometime x = a at start and Fa is defined then sometime z = Fa at-finish. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. Therefore  , their introduction does not alter the set of execution traces specified by the model. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . Upon completion of the recursive call  , the browser should be put back into the previous state. During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. After each sentence is identified and parsed  , its parse tree is traversed in a depth-first recursive function. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. , l  , 2  , 5  , 141. We assume the reader is familiar with the basic notions pertaining to datalog programs 4  , 14. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. The definition of an ice-region is recursive through the relation composed-of  , because any ice region may contain other ice regions. Thus  , although all the elements of the set arc eventually discovered  , the top-down evaluation of a sctvalued function may fail to terminate c-f. the difficulties in detecting termination when logic rules arc evaluated top-down. Assuming the reader to be familiar with recursion in deductive databases Gallaire84  , Bancilhon86  , Ullman86  , we address the problem of evaluating queries referencing rule defined relations. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. A boundary unction is any function F on the set of nodes in the tree having the following properties: 1 if X is a feasible complete solution  , then This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. Another limitation is that spec methods cannot be recursive. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Simple time is modified by the defined time transformations to yield segment time  , which is in turn modified by repeat functionality and min/max constraints to yield active time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. Link clause expressions are boolean combinations of link clauses  , where each link clause is semantically a boolean condition on two columns and is specified using either a a native method; b a user-defined function UDF; or c a previously defined linkspec. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. The performance function Pn is approximated as Pn = ag + UJ n + a2 n2 see figure 4Based on recent measurement pairs P ,n the coefficients ai are estimated using a recursive least-square estimator with exponentially fading memory Young  , 19841. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. 7  , each supervisor $ E must ensure that: a $s = admissible if state s is semi-chained  , and b if $s = admissible then there exists a semi-chained state s' E Rs  , $. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. In Figure 2  , we present a protocol for constructing a valid write quorum. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. E T F E includin the recursive least square is known as Time-varying k a n s f e r Function Estimator TTFE 18. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. In this section  , we construct a robust controller for uncertainties and load fluctuations with recursive Lyapunov-based design. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. In this section  , we will provide a version of the back­ stepping based on the Razumikhin function for the time-delay systems 1. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. This work combines the relational features of Alloy with imperative constructs  , control constructs such as loops and recursive function calls  , and full integer arithmetic support. Tuples have two operations  , construction and element selection tuple projection  , defied on them in addition to equality based on the equalities of their constituent types algebras. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. The LIME report for 32 cores  , summarized in Figure 8  , says the control flow edge from line 116 in grav. C to line 112 accounts for the imbalance . In the following we demonstrate how to handle an inductive proof in our system by proving a simple lemma end with On  , which expresses that at the end of the special intervals the heater is on. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. In Box 1  , the first horizontal optimization results in a new function call 2 lines 1-4  , 11-13  , and Vertical Optimization is invoked with a pair of arguments  , the resulting expression and the type Section lines 14-15. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. In light of these problems  , we have not yet implemented a sufficiently complete narrowing function in EXPRESS. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . This set of forward and backward recurrence equations can be evaluated by applying the recursive doubling technique twice  , one for the forward recursion and another for the backward recursion  , to achieve the time lower bound. Needless to say  , future work includes a long list if items. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Then we turn to QSQR which has recently been introduced for handling recursive axioms in deductive databases by Vie86. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. Consider the following recursive function rem U : LT LΠ → LT LΠ that operates on an LTL formula φ and removes all the positive occurrences of atomic propositions in U that appear in conjunctions recall that no negation operator appears in our formulas: The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. Our second example ls an extremely "simplified" version of the equally welt-known FACTORIAL function. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. Instead each recursive call is forwarded to a central method that dispatches according to the operator id of the current node to the appropriate analyser method. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. For example   , ;a somewhat more thorough version of the optimizer might repeat the original three phases a second time. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. Thus for both full generality and for tree outputting an explicitly maintained global stack is demanded. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. These data structures are illustrated in Figure 7.a on an abstract XML document. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . We define the cost of evaluating a query Q over a sequence s denoted by costQ  , s  , which means total number of nodes defined in the XQuery data model 12 that are accessed in the evaluation of Q. Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Likewise  , the functions corresponding to E ↓ take an arbitrary XPath expression and a list of contexts as input and return a list of XPath values which can be of type num  , str  , bool or nset. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. Consider  , for example  , the function  , f  , given in Figure 1. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another important con- clusion that can be drawn is that if we could eliminate the recursive call to ** from ** from POLY-LOOP from POLY  , we could save about 93.6yo of the total run time. For hybrid relational-XML DBMS  , a straight-forward implementation of the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator is to use the SQL/XML function XMLExists 7  , 14 . Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. For the parse tree in Figure 2  , there are no recursive nodes  , so that #match bufs is estimated as: where the factor 3 is the fanout of node book in the parse tree. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Property 2 shows how the n-cube can be used to simulate the behavior and function of the RMRN ,. The link is checked for the first obstacle and moved accordingly. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. The split is then installed in the parent: the old SP for the left page is updated via update pred and a new entry for the new right page is inserted into the parent with the insert function. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. 0 For a rule r   , we define the function h from the set of distinguished variables in r to the set of all variables in r. For a distinguished variable x  , hx is the variable that appears in the recursive predicate in the antecedent in the same position as x appears in the consequent. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. Finally  , the third recursive case concerns the availability of both negative and positive examples. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Recursive use of something like a 2-place cons function quickly palls - cons94301  , cons94302  , cons94303  , cons94304  , cons94306 Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Jeh and Widom 16 introduced SimRank  , the multi-step link-based similarity function with the recursive idea that two pages are similar if pointed to by similar pages. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. View forests 15 are capable of expressing any query in the XQueryCore that does not refer to element order  , use recursive functions or use is/is not operators. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. While it is possible to optimize objective functions by estimating the gradients lo  it is far more desirable to provide analytical gradients  , both for improving the performance of the optimizer 18  fewer computations of the cost function are needed and also to increase the accuracy of the gradient. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. , pixel addition that will eventually be expressed in terms of atomic operators e.g. , + and data e.g. , integers  , but it also implies some control structure to sequence 154 Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. It represents a very real although often informal set of software repositories for formal "release" levels  , commonly employed by larger software organizations. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Nevertheless  , some queries require data materialization and/or blocking. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. We cannot extend the Featherstone method to the walking robots as easily as we extended Walker and Orin's method  , because we have also to consider the acceleration of point 0 0 and the contact efforts. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. At the present time we have no general solvers for recursive procedures; however  , for regular recursion many of the loop solving techniques are applicable. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Recursive Queries It is assumed that the reader is familiar with the relationship between lagic programming and relational databases BRO84  , GAL83  , JAR84  , REI78a  , REI78b and the resolution principle in theorem proving ROB65. The other is the effect of the coordinate transforma­ tion Zi+l = Xi+l -cq X i on the Razumikhin con­ dition. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. The modifier for class R contains one real data member  , i  , and three member functions  , A  , B and C. The modifier is combined with P under the inheritance rules to get R. Data memberfloat i is a new attribute in R since is does not appear in P. Member function A that is defined in M  , is a new attribute in R since its argument list does not agree with A's argument list in P. Member function A in P is recursive in R since it is inherited unchanged from P. Thus  , R contains two member functions named A. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. The implementation of ARTOO solves infinite recursion in the field distance by cutting the recursive calculation after a fixed number of steps 2 in the case of the results presented in the next section . As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. We capture both the dynamic aspzcts of mdule graphs and the new requirements onmdule constructors in the following recursive definition of mdule graphs: DEFINITION 3.1: The set of nrdule graphs  , together with their sets of active modules  , is recursively defined as follws: However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. Complete data flow information can be gathered for local scalar variables using def-use chains provided by SSA. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. 4.3 on a training data set. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. As evaluation The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. Iterative depth first search was used. The pruning comes in three forms. To answer ML2DQ  , we adopt the same best first search approach as LDPQ. Admissible functions are optimistic. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. First  , we propose a novel model to support context-aware search. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. To our best knowledge  , this is the first work which considers the correlation between search queries and tags for search result re-ranking. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. The third technique we use is A' search Nilsson 711 -a best-first  , tree-structured search method. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. Each iteration of AO* search is composed of two parts. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. In our first user evaluation experiment  , we let domain experts judge and compare the search results from NanoPort to those from two benchmark systems: Google and NanoSpot. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. the sholtest disw fhml the starting point a form of " best first " . A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. A task is defined to be an application of a rule to a goal. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing. The search for the best choice of this parameter was performed in two steps.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. To select the best source  , we define the criteria as follows: Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. This overhead can be reduced by an approximate pairwise ranking that uses a best-first search strategy. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first search engine with such support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is one of the first query log analyses targeting on expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. We now argue that an exhaustive search is necessary anyway for a driving application. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. For general or complex prob lem spaces  , such heuristic based search techniques are almost always more e5cient and certainly more interesting. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. The best results were obtained when using 40 top search hits. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " In practice however  , this is almost always the case under any definition of exemplar quality. The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. By carefully managing the layout of the suffix tree in disk blocks  , OASIS can be efficient even on large data sets. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Suppose we want to compute a trajectory be:ween an initial and a final configuration. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Here we ran experiments first with a large initial search space. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. System A scored best when respondents recorded their reactions to the first statement  , about their pre-query 'mental image' 24score mean: 1.21. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. At run-time  , for a given query  , first the most relevant p-strings are identified. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. In this section  , we first establish a baseline using our transliteration module and commercial monolingual location search systems  , since no other comparable crosslingual location search system exists. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. Non-promising URLs are put to the back of the queue where they rarely get a chance to be visited.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. Our prototype planner is a simple attempt to meet these goals. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. Thus  , more work is needed to understand how best to support discussion search. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. In future work  , we plan to expand our work to non-cooperative environments. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. But searchable forms are very sparsely distributed over the Web  , even within narrow domains. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. The best-first crawler BFC uses a classifier that learns to classify pages as belonging to topics in a taxonomy. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. SLIDIR differs from general image search engines  , as it focuses solely on slide image retrieval from presentation sets. An appropriate heuristic function is used to compute the promise of a path. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that studies academic query classification. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. The whole pedestrian area in RPUM will then be set black to avoid duplicate matching. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. K2 uses a simple incremental search strategy: it first searches for the best Suppose we have in the node Z state with R started separated sessions. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. The first is a global view of the results that shows what grid cells on the Earth best match the query. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. However  , the methodological exploration limits them from being widely applicable to high-dimensional planning. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Encounters between robots black lines as well as loop closing constraints red lines within a trajectory are generated by scan matching. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is one of the first to study the search task that a web page can accomplish. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. Finally  , we conclude the paper in Section 7. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , structured or semi-structured procedural knowledge has not been studied in the context of task-oriented search as a means to improve search quality and experience. The second set of experiments were run to determine the best of several search routines and matching functions that could be used to register the long-term and short-term perception maps. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. In this paper we introduce new methods to diversify image search results. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. Baseline  , a variation of the best-first crawler 9. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. We searched for English labels and synonyms of the FMA in Wikipedia. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. As far as the initial search is concerned  , there is  , first  , the issue of whether IDF weighting is the best strategy. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. 7  , the result of path planning demonstrates that the method is able to handle the complexity terrain. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. A best-first search is used to build the correspondences of objects using three types of constraints. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. Comparing the running times we observe that MaxMiner is the best method for this type of data. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. The sheer number of both good and bad pages on the Web has led to an increasing reliance on search engines for the discovery of useful information. It requires assessors to compare the search results of the suggestions to that of the input query and awards those suggestions having better search results. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. We want to demonstrate the use of the symbiotic model by picking an off-the-shelf search engine and a generic topical crawler. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. Vassilvitskii and Brill 6 used distance on the web graph to perform a reranking of search results given that relevant documents link to other relevant documents. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. First  , the K-best search is replaced with a search that obtains the shortest path through each node in the graph one for each path. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. These two queries are very similar but mean for different things. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. This led to the introduction of two search tasks at INEX 2006: Relevant in Context and Best in Context  , and the elicitation of a separate Best-entry-point judgment. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. One can imagine  , for example  , that a query like " best physical training class at Almaden " will indeed return as the first hit a page describing the most popular physical training program offered to IBM Almaden employees  , because many people have annotated this page with the keyword " best " . Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. We have shown in 21  that 5-and 7-term LSs perform best  , depending on whether the focus is on obtaining the best mean rank or the highest percentage of top ranked URIs. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. MPA can be therefore seen as a best-first search that reduces the number of paths to be pursued to the best ones by applying a particular evaluation function. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. The commonly known Best First Planning 9  will also be adopted to search an optimal path. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. We determine which of the two components obtains greater improvement if incorporated  , search for the best parameter for this component  , fix it  , and then search for the best parameter for the other component. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. This method is similar to BestSim method  , but instead of looking for a single permutation with best self-similarity we try to find the first m best permutations. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. As this was the first year for the Microblog Track  , our primary goal was to create a baseline method and then attempt to improve upon the baseline. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. In the second step  , COR computes the accurate visibilities for objects   , as well as the tightest visibility upper bounds for IR-tree nodes. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. But s/he has no idea about which of the many possible databases to search. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. For exact search  , we find records containing the first two keywords and a word with prefix of " li "   , e.g. , record r 5. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. As with search results  , the probability that a user clicks on an advertisement declines rapidly  , as much as 90% 5  , with display position see Figure 1. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Obviously there is nothing inherent in each of the factors which determines how heavily each should be weighted  , but this may be established on an experimental basis. While all three access mechanisms were identified prominently in the tutorial—a color  , printed document left with each participant—non-text access required extra thought and work. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. First  , we see that all image-based rerankers yield higher values of statMPC@10 than the search engines using text only. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. Note that in this method  , duplicate links are reported only when the first occurrence is seen. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. Moreover  , the user's query has not been considered and thus the methods cannot be readily applied to microblog search personalization. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. The approach also substantially outperforms a highly effective fusion method that merges the results of the strong and weak search engines. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. The close correspondence between the search expansion and the suffix tree implies that this step corresponds to exploring all the children of the corresponding suffix tree node. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt for mining users' roles within a collaborative search  , which enables implicitly and dynamically assigning roles to users in which they can be most e↵ective at the current search stage. It makes us believe that a prediction framework based on traditional position factors and the newly proposed visual saliency information may be a better way than existing solutions in modeling the examination behavior of search users. In this paper  , we present a novel examination model based on static information of SERPs  , which has more practical applications in search scenario than existing user-interaction-based models . In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. To complement the inadequacy of cache hit ratio as the metric  , our study is based on real replays of a million of queries on an SSD-enabled search engine architecture and our findings are reported based on actual query latency. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. Given a task-oriented search task represented by query q  , we first retrieve a list of candidate tasks from the procedural knowledge base that mention the query q in either the summary or the explanation. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. This year we conduct a best-effort strategy to crawl online opinions in the following way: We first use the candidate suggestion name with its location city + state as the query to Google 1 it. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first two results are duplicates  , the third result is 8 years old  , and the fourth is not a course syllabus. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. Our second goal is to apply this evaluation framework to compare three types of crawlers. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Admissible heuristic function guarantees to find optimal solutions  , that means the cheapest 1 path from start to goal node if the path exists. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. We illustrate the effectiveness of this approach using the first six TREC 2003 Web Track topic distillation topics taking the first six to avoid cherry-picking queries for which our method works best. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . It is also evident that the user interactions during the first two queries could perhaps be used to rank the correct suggestion in n-best on top. Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. In this section  , we discuss related work on focused crawling as well as on text and web classification. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Rather  , any and all newly discovered links are placed onto the crawl frontier to be downloaded when their turn comes. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The quality of such rules is expressed with a confidence-intervalP with P = .95  , and the employed search strategy is beamsearchW  ,D. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. The parameters for factoid-questions were the use of hypernyms  , the use of hyponyms harvested from large corpora i.e. , not from WordNet  , and whether documents from the Blog06 corpus were included in the search or not. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. When we search in old best answers  , we just return the best answer that we find. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Given a search query  , ResearchIndex retrieves either the documents document option for which the content match best the query terms  , or the citations citation option that best matches the query terms. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Currently  , to the best of our knowledge  , all of the existing search engines have been examined only for small and/or unreal data. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. While the first question was identical to one of the initial query evaluation questions  , the second contained slight word changes to indicate that subjects should consider their experiences evaluating search results. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. In this work  , we provide a systematic study on the ads clickthrough log of a commercial search engine to validate and compare different BT strategies for online advertising. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. Unfortunately  , the documents with the best answers may contain only one or two terms from the original query. The standard approach to document collection and indexing on the web is the use of a web crawler. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. We propose to integrate the above three innovative points in a two-stage language model for more effective expert search than using document content alone. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first task  , namely the technology survey  , consists of 18 expert-defined natural language expressions of the information needed and the task is to retrieve a set of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer the questions. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. We conducted experiments with various tf · idf variants and found that the following seems to be suited best for this particular task: Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. reflect intent popularity over time ? SCUP combines HTN planning with best-first search that uses a heuristic selection mechanism based on ontological reasoning over the input user preferences  , state of the world  , and the HTNs. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The branching factor of the best-first search is thus a function of the number of terrain segments reachable from a given liftoff and the sample spacing of the selection procedure. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. I f it fails to find a solution  , we return to get the second best marking on OPEN as: a new root for a BT search  , and so on. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. In our work  , we use four pairs to calculate a candidate transformation. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. 3.1  , the geometric mean heuristics as in 6 poses some challenge to be implemented in the word synchronous fashion. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . Tables 3 and 4 show how this tradeoff makes the baseline SPR and Prophet configurations perform best despite working with search spaces that contain fewer correct patches. By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. In our model  , we connect two components through a set of shared factors  , that is  , the latent factors in the second component for contents are tied to the factors in the first component for links. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. The user first chooses a library based  on the domain of interest  , then she explores the library. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to generally study selection bias to improve the effectiveness of learning-to-rank models. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. Finally  , edges are inserted between all nodes of the visibility graph that have direct visibility and are assigned edge costs proportional to their Euclidean distances. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. In this subsection  , rather than focusing on finding the single best parameter values  , we explore the parameter space and present multiple examples of graphs obtained with varying parameter values. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. Every subject is first required to give his/her relevance judgements on the results of QA1 and QA2 w.r.t the two information needs IN1 and IN2. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. , the region or country where the user is located. , the sales home page for BTO must rank first in the search results. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. The entry point can be directly provided by the user by selecting a document icon  , or determined by the system as the document that best matches the query. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We use grid search to set the best parameters on the development portion  , and then evaluate all methods on the remaining 90% test portion. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. To the best of our knowledge  , this policy is the first one to solve the multilevel aggregation problem. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. TRECCHEM defines two independent retrieval tasks namely the Technology Survey and the Prior Art Search. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. The ASN has the capability of learning which action search strategy is the best to take given a particular context. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. These persistent terms are especially useful for matching navigational queries  , because the relevance of documents for these queries are expected to not change over time. Section 3 presents simulation results that show that our approach yields stable system rankings over a range of parameter settings; Section 4 presents next steps. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. Note that when we plug in the newly-discovered functions into our search engine  , the same rules must be followed. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the second stage  , the system calculates the correlation error of the large template using the mask created in the first stage. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. Each of these research problems presents a number of challenges that must be addressed to provide effective and efficient solutions to the overall problem of distributed information retrieval. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Therefore  , a considerable number of questions can only be answered by using hybrid question answering approaches  , which can find and combine information stored in both structured and textual data sources 22. As mentioned before  , the information about the purpose of a website is usually located around the homepage since most publishers want to tell the user what a website is about  , before providing more specific information. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Experiments over widely used benchmarks have shown very good results with respect to other approaches  , in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. The information retrieval literature is rich with related techniques that leverage query reformulations and clicks in the past user logs  , however  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first large-scale study on mobile query reformulations. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. The third search strategy  , of course  , uses only the cross reference index on the field "COLOR." In our framework  , called RDivF RDF + Diversity  , which we are currently developing  , we exploit several aspects of the RDF data model e.g. , resource content  , RDF graph structure  , schema information to answer keyword queries with a set of diverse results. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that relates results quality and diversity to expected payoff and risk in clicks and provides a model to optimize these quantities. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to consider the problem of refreshing result entries in search engine caches. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. First  , we will study how to choose parameters  , particularly  , the range of frequent k-n-match  , n0 ,n1   , to optimize its performance we will focus on frequent k-n-match instead of k-n-match  , since frequent k-n-match is the technique we finally use to perform similarity search. Through a large-scale user study with academic experts from several areas of knowledge  , we demonstrate the suitability of the proposed association and normalization models to improve the effectiveness of a state-of-the-art expert search approach. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. Along the same vein  , a large body of recent research has focused on continuous queries over data streams e.g. , 2  , 4  , 12  , 14 . Tradeoff: It identifies and presents results that characterize a tradeoff between the size and sophistication of the search space and the ability of the patch generation system to identify correct patches. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. Our work focuses on two main areas  , the first is devising a method for combining text annotations and visual features into one single MPEG-7 description and the second is how best to carry out text and nontext queries for retrieval via a combined description. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The serial search was evaluated in both cases by using an optimal cutoff on the ranked documents. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. design hierarchical measures using the intent hierarchies to solve the problems mentioned above. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. In the following  , we provide more details on methods used by the 5 best performing groups  , whose approaches for detecting opinionated documents have worked well  , compared to a topic-relevance baseline as shown in Table 6proaches for detecting opinionated documents  , integrated into their Terrier search engine. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. We use the first 20% of the NSH-1 Dataset not included in the evaluation to train the parameters and thresholds in HerbDisc  , by maximizing the average F 1 -measure. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. However  , the number of data points that must be examined to find the best match grows exponentially with the number of dimensions in the data. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. , 74% less than the case of hlm  , i.e. , the uninformed best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. Further  , all of the above mentioned research studies use fixed Twitter datasets collected at a certain point in time. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. This will enable users to find and contribute to the best threads  , as well as provide the search users with the most useful other users with whom they could interact  , become friends and develop meaningful communications. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. In fact  , according to the report on the NP task of the 2005 Terabyte Track 3  , about 40% of the test queries perform poorly no correct answer in the first 10 search results even in the best run from the top group. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. It follows from observation 3.3 that all paths of G correspond to m-coherent chains. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. All these methods focus on analyzing user behavior when interacting with traditional search systems. In contrast  , the Backward expanding strategy used in BANKS 3 can deal with the general model. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. The latter idea of using best candidates of individual queries as the search space is valuable  , as we will discuss later. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The three stages of the Viewpoint Estimator and the Next- Best-View Selection are described in detail in the following. The operation sequence tells the order in which each operation should be initiated at the given machine. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. Focused crawling  , while quite efficient and effective does have some drawbacks. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. However  , the performance of the DOM crawler in addition to the Hub-Seeking crawler is significantly better than the Naive Best-First crawler on average target recall@10000 Figure 4d In contrast  , in this work  , we apply a different method of changing the document ranking  , namely the application of a perfect document ranking. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. To handle the aforementioned challenges  , we propose the Spatiotemporal Search Topic Model SSTM to discover the latent topics from query log and capture their diverse spatiotemporal patterns simultaneously. As the level of pruning is decreased  , the search space expands and the time of recognition increases as indicated by the increase in the RT factor. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. Taily's effectiveness was en par with the best-measured effectiveness of Rank-S with P = 0.02 and P = 0.04. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. We study the problem of keyword-based image search by jointly exploring cross-view learning and the use of click-through data. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. Indeed  , to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the scheduling of queries across replicated query servers. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. ranking: how should one rank sentences returned in a boolean environment  , so that the best possible sentences are given first to the answer extraction component ? 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. A gradient Best-First search is then used to find a path Q  , from the initial point  t i   , qf to the final point t.:  , q:. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. We evaluated the three commercial location search engines  , and here we are presenting as the baseline  , the performance of the best of the three commercial services  , when supplied with the four highest ranked transliterations from our transliteration system. While providing entitybased indexing of web archives is crucial  , we do not address the indexing issue in this work  , but instead extend the WayBack Machine API in order to retrieve archived content. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. Furthermore  , they normalize each single search result in isolation  , and do not even take into account if the result is good or bad in comparison to other results from the same engine  , whereby the best result of a very bad run may be assigned a similar normalized score as the best result of a very good one. In particular  , we 1 revise the definition of previously identified matching degrees and use these to differentiate the usability of a Web service on the goal template level  , 2 present a novel approach for semantic matchmaking on the goal instance level  , and 3 finally integrate the matchmaking techniques for the goal template and the goal instance level. Definition 18. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. However  , it appears that reducing access to the collection has little or no effect in terms of unique relevant coverage as statistical test results indicated that for almost every access scenario and search strategy  , none of the access combinations showed any significant difference from the best performing access combinations. However  , the tasks administered to the subjects included both factual questions as well as locating particular pages on the Web  , while our work focuses on finding the answers to factual questions in news articles. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. These curves show typical findability behaviors of a topic  , ranging from topics which are extremely difficult to find  , no matter how many search terms are used  , to topics for which 3-4 query terms are sufficient for achieving high AP. The automatically generated textual description of answers enables the system to be used in desktop or smaller devices  , where expressing the answer in a textual form can provide a succinct summary of multiple diagrams and charts  , or in settings where text is required e.g. , in speech-enabled devices  , where the answer can be spoken back to the user. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. Our empirical results with the real-world click-through data collected from a commercial search engine show that our proposed model can model the evolution of query terms similarity accurately . However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. , the least cost for evaluation is assumed. If c&h corresponds to the actual costs for evaluating the operations of the first set and costj is a close lower bound of the future costs  , A* search guarantees to find an optimal QEP efficiently. The expertise of a user for a query is mainly considered in this paper  , and other aspects such as the likelihood of getting an answer within a short period will be studied in our subsequent papers. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. Now that we have calculated SAD values over the image  , we select the upper ten nonoverlapping unique regions based on the SAD metric and perform a second series of SAD calculations within a 2i by 2i search window centered on the regions identified by the first pass. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. For instance  , let us suppose that we start with 5 links from each search engine links 1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 and select the 1 st from 1 st engine  , 3 rd from 2 nd engine  , and 5 th from 4 th engine. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. First  , we need more research into which effectiveness measures best capture what users want autonomous classifiers to do. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. How to select the best partitions is well-studied * Work done while the author was an Intern at Yahoo! the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Since Based on the tag ranking results  , we use the first three tags of the given image  , i.e. , bird  , nature and wildlife to search for suitable groups  , and we can find a series of possible groups. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. Comparing with the fact lookup engines of Google and Ask.com  , FACTO achieves higher precision and comparable query coverage higher than Google and lower than Ask.com  , although it is built by a very small team of two people in less than a year. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. This result could conceivably indicate that on average  , traditional full-text text ranking methods are best for XML search at least for documents embedding large chunks of text. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. The ARMin robot that was built with four active DoFs in the first prototype has now been extended with two additional DoFs for the forearm in order to allow training of ADLs and an additional DoF to accommodate the vertical movement of the center of rotation of the shoulder joint. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For example  , a user may search for " blackberry " initially to learn about the Blackberry smartphone; however  , days or weeks later the same user may search for " blackberry " to identify the best deals on actually purchasing the device. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. , CiteULike 3 for scientific documents and del.icio.us for web pages. However  , our problem space is arguably larger  , because relevant candidate tags may not even appear in the document  , while candidate queries are most likely bounded in the document term space in keyword-based search. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. People and expert search are the best known entity ranking tasks  , which have been conveniently evaluated in the Text REtrieval Conference TREC 27 in the past years 21  , 22  , 2. This setup is more restricted than the one we investigate in this paper: we attempt to place test images as closely to their true geographic location as possible; we are not restricted by a set of classes. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. To tackle these problems  , we propose a complete system  , based on a number of well-established technologies  , allowing ontology engineers to deploy their ontologies  , providing the necessary infrastructures to support their exploitation  , and ontology users in reusing available knowledge  , providing essential  , community-based functionalities to facilitate the search  , selection and exploitation of the available ontologies. Newton's Laws and Newton's Law of Gravity are the Limits for my One Law of Nature 39. When a search engine has no or little knowledge of the user  , the best it can do may be to produce an output that reflects Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. As we discuss in Section 2  , though there have been some works in the past that can be adopted for query suggestion without using query logs  , but strictly speaking  , to the best of our knowledge  , this paper is the first to study the problem of query suggestions in the absence of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. Finally  , we conducted extensive experiments on Freebase demonstrating the effectiveness and the efficiency of our approach. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. Answers question page in the SERPs  , 81% of the searchers who turned to More likely in SearchAsk queries Words to  , a  , be  , i  , how  , do  , my  , can  , what  , on  , in  , the  , for  , have  , get  , with  , you  , if  , yahoo  , it First words how  , what  , can  , be  , why  , i  , do  , my  , where  , yahoo  , if  , when  , 0000  , a  , will  , 00  , best  , who  , which  , should Content words yahoo  , 00  , use  , 0  , work  , song  , old  , help  , make  , need  , like  , change  , year  , good  , long  , mail  , answer  , email  , want  , know More likely in SearchOnly queries Words facebook  , youtube  , google  , lyric  , craigslist  , free  , online  , new  , bank  , game  , map  , ebay  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , home  , city  , park First words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , ebay  , the  , you  , gmail  , casey  , walmart  , amazon  , *rnrd  , justin  , facebook .com  , mapquest  , netflix  , face  , fb  , selena  , home Content words facebook  , youtube  , google  , craigslist  , lyric  , free  , bank  , map  , ebay  , online  , county  , porn  , tube  , coupon  , recipe  , anthony  , weather  , login  , park  , ca Therefore  , users in SearchAsk sessions are about twice as likely as in SearchOnly sessions to click on a Yahoo! Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. Further  , more than one query block can be nested under the same parent query block. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. 'Push Sort in Join': Pushing Sort into a Join applies to single block join queries. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. For each sort order  , we optimize the outer query block and then all the nested blocks. In this section we propose additional techniques for exploiting the sort order of correlation bindings by retaining the state of the inner query execution across multiple bindings of the correlation variables. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. In our case  , we utilize 3×3 block of each frame for ordinal signature extraction. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. Offsets are limited to a maximum value called the " window size " . To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. However  , if the parameter sort order guaranteed by the parent block is weaker e.g. , null  , then only the plain table scan is a possible candidate. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. The human-robot interactions lasted approximately 2 minutes and 20 seconds  , though the particular amount of time varied by how long the participant took to sort the block. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' For sorting  , Starburst does not use the global buffer pool  , relying instead on a separate sort buffer; we configured its sort buffer size to be lOOKI to provide a comparable amount of space for sorting as for regular I/O. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. This is a powerful effect: all prior sort orders are used to break ties this is because stable sort was performed for each block. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Thus we do not need to set the number of clusters ex ante. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. We describe this approach in subsequent subsections. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. This is logically equivalent to applying the permutation to all the tokens in the second block before running RadixZip over it. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. In single block selection type queries x19 both TLC-D and TLC-O contribute by removing the blocking factor of DE and Sort. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. 'Push Sort in Select': We tested the efficiency of our rewrite that pushes Sorts into Selects  , as described in Section 5.2. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. This is the well known straight insertion sort. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? ,  , E2 all common implementation alternatives like sort merge  , hash  , and nested-loops come into account. This produces a list where consecutive 2-item blocks are sorted  , in alternating directions. Further assume query block q 2 nested under the same parent as q 1 has two plans pq 3 and pq 4 requiring sorts p 1   , p 2  and null respectively. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. They were instructed to take the block from HERB's hand once HERB had extended the block to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. For instance   , during the 4-merge phase phase 2 in the figure all compare-and-swaps performed within the first 4-item block are ascending  , whereas they are descending for the second 4-item block. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. Note that the best parameter ordering for each query in the function body can be different and also there can be multiple functions invoked from the same outer query block. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. In the PQEP shown in Figure 2c   , the largest block is formed by the sort  , projection proj  , group  , and hash-join hj ,i , operators having a DOP of 5. For illustration  , we will use the following block of variable-width tokens: Figure 5.1 shows the output of both BWT and RadixZip Transform run on this input. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. Given the fact that b/k blocks are needed in the fist phase  , and k blocks are needed in the second phase of the join  , the challenge is to find the value for k  , where the memory consumption maxb/k ,k is minimal : It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. Specifically  , the following fairness considerations are reflected in our policy: l a sort should not allocate more memory than needed. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. There is a change in the shuffles performed  , because the compare-and-swap direction is reversed for the second 4-item block. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Lemma 3.2. permute and its inverse are Ob time operations   , where b is the number of bytes in the block. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. Therefore if any sort order needs to be guaranteed on the output of the Apply operator an enforcer plan is generated. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. For each page  , we sort all blocks on the page in four different orders: from top to bottom  , from bottom to top  , from left to right  , and from right to left. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. , sort  , might also be content with this simple open-next-close protocol  , which  , however  , may restrict the flexibility of their implementation. All " real " plan operators within a block access their relevant information via the opennext-close interface of the LAS cf. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . An additional interesting property of the new lattice-based skyline computation paradigm is that the performance of LS is independent of the underlying data distribution. A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. Our last example see Figure 8 shows  , among other interesting features  , how one can push a Group that materializes the relationship between researchers and projects. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. In this task  , a robot called HERB hands colored blocks to participants  , who sort those blocks into one of two colored boxes according to their personal preference. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. An outcome of our technique is that the Ordering Specification O-Spec of a collection and for that matter the SORT operation that produced it is a superset of the potential order that can be expressed by XQuery. The drawback of this approach is that it requires significant changes to the structure of any existing Volcano-style optimizer due to the need for propagating multiple plans for the same expression and then combining them suitably. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. We also are interested in generalizing this work to infer " bounded disorder " : unordered relations whose disorder can be measured as the number of passes of a bubble sort required to make the relation ordered. At query time  , when OSCAR begins to scan a new run of blocks  , it uses the latest value returned by the r- UDF to only read from a corresponding fraction of the blocks in this new run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. The database buffer was set to 500 blocks with a database block size of 4 kbytes which resulted in an average buffer hit ratio of 98.5%. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Database systems such as Microsoft SQL Server consider sorted correlation bindings and the expected number of times a query block is evaluated with the aim of efficiently caching the inner query results when duplicates are present and to appropriately estimate the cost of nested query blocks. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. Datasets. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Furthermore  , we will evaluate the performance and expressiveness of our approach with the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. garbage collections. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. Query Load. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. As we can see  , ≈40 % of calls are handled by the local cache  , regardless the number of clients. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. courses  , students  , professors are generated. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. To measure how determining trust values may impact query execution times we use our tSPARQL query engine with a disabled trust value cache to execute the extended BSBM. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. All the resulting queries together with their query plans are also available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. their mAP values: We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. One limitation of regular LSH is that they require explicit vector representation of data points. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. These properties are considered as random influence. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. The databases are relatively small. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. As shown in Table 2  , the Linked Data measures outperform the baseline system across all criteria. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. We call this tree the LSH Tree. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. This pattern is revealed tnost strongly by the mattix of retrieval weights  , which in all cases correctly relate documents to requests in agreement with our relevance assumptions. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. The PM3 Modula-3 compiler was also invoked with a flag that disables runtime checks on indexing arrays out of bounds and to catch certain type errors  , so as to give a fairer comparison with C++. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. As of today  , the index quality of catalogues in scientific libraries is deplorable: Large parts of the inventory are not indexed and will probably never be  , since manual indexing is a time-consuming and thus expensive task. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. We propose two independently developed methods for topic discovery based on the Linked Data. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. One formula we have formally derived and successfully tested on previous TREC collections is: Our term weight w of Formula 2 will be thus a function of 6 random variables: w = wF; tfn; n; N = wF ; t f ; n ; N ; l ; a v g l where l is the document length avg l is the length mean We postpone the discussion about the probability functions used to instantiate this framework and the choice of parameter c to Section 4.2. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path.  the autocorrelation of the signal. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. There is at present no standard yardstick. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. , the expected value of the information in a message. Shannon entropy. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Shannon Entropy is defined as Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. , a user who explores many different types. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. , γ j . This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Are users highly focused i.e. , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . , yn  , where yi is the informed probability of the i th inference. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. Coding theoretic arguments suggest that this structure should pcnnit us to reduce the dimensionality of our index space so as to better correspond to the ShanDon Entropy of the power set of documeDts {though this may require us to coalesce sets of documents wry unlikely to be optimal. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. In summary  , it is clear that most users do have clear affinities to beer types  , with only a small minority of explorers willing to experiment widely. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. Information theory borrowed the concept of entropy from the t h e o r y o f s t a t i s t i c a l thermodynamics where Boltzmann's theory s t a t e s t h a t t h e entropy of a gas changing states isothermally at temperature T i s given by: On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. In the simplest model  , it studies the compression of sequences emitted by 0 th -order information sources – ones that generate values i.i.d independent and identically distributed from a probability distribution D. Shannon's celebrated source coding theorem 3 says that one cannot code a sequence of values in less than HD bits per value on average  , where HD = Σ icD p i lg 1/p i  is the entropy of the distribution D with probabilities p i . For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Table 2shows the results. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. For moderate query expansion e.g.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Query Expansion. This task is accomplished by mean of three submodules: Query Expansion  , Inverted Index and Ranking Model. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. 15  incorporated term cooccurrences to estimate word correlation for refining the set of documents used in query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. The first oracle baseline BONE is without query expansion and the second oracle baseline BOQE is with query expansion. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. al 29 considered acronym expansion. al 10 explored query expansion  , while Zhang et. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Local. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. Therefore proper query expansion QE technology is necessary and helpful. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. Different query expansion methods have been evaluated for topic retrieval. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Query dependent expansion. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. The documents which contained sentences chosen by users were used for query expansion. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. Candidate expansion term w is scored according to scorew , LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Srinivasan P 1996. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. Section 4 presents our domain-specific and general query expansion approaches.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , The results from including query and document expansion within the SU system on TREC-8 queries are summarised in Table 8and graphically illustrated in Figures 3 and 4. When there is no query expansion  , document expansion increases mean average precision by 25% and 15% relative for short and terse queries respectively. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Query expansion techniques such as row expansion may help recall-oriented measures by contributing terms from the top documents which are not automatically generated from the initial query. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. Query expansion is another technique in this information retrieval component. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Second  , query expansion will usually produce longer queries than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. Our systems have several parameters. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Latent concept expansion can be adopted to include any arbitrary concept type for query expansion. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Expansion of query vectors is used for instance in 17 ,24. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. A second feature which we call synonym expansion was applied only to query terms. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Indri. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. method to construct object query. 7  , to the query aspects. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Figure 2shows that query expansion can bring more than 30% of improvement for queries with less than three terms. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Query Expansion: Before a query is passed to Lucene  , we first use the probabilistic query expansion model 10 to expand it by adding relevant terms. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. – Query expansion: The query expansion consists in the generation of variations of the user's query. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Then  , Sec. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. Figure 4. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. Word pruning. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Recommending useful entities e.g. as query expansion mechanisms. Figure 8. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. The potential effectiveness  , compared with automatic query expansion  , is measured using a method similar to Harman's but with an improved simulation of good term selections. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " CNF queries ensure precision by specifying a set of concepts that must appear AND  , and improve recall by expanding alternative forms of each concept. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Furthermore  , in order to better evaluate our predictors  , besides of the Kendall's tau  , we measure the Spearman's correlation of the predictors with average precision. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. These were also significantly better than performance of any other query structure and expansion combination. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this section  , we will evaluate our proposed approaches extracting and improving time of synonyms  , and query expansion using time-based synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. This shows up in several areas. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. The results show the approach works well. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Medical reference query expansion was based on the idea that medical encyclopedias may be able to suggest effective expansion terms for a query. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Figure I visualises the results. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. These query differences  , however  , do not directly predict whether or not the WIKI. LINK query expansion method will improve retrieval performance. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The expanded query gave 4 times as much weight to the original query as to the expansion terms; this is based on decent results from previous experiments. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Table 1 . Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. The temporal prior approach might have performed better in combination with document expansion. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. the expansion dimension. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. It is more effective than relevance model weights when expansion is more balanced  , i.e. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Further issues arise with query expansion using terms from documents. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. We proposed an iterative query expansion approach to improve total recall. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. InexpC2QE We also tested the model selection mechanism with the use of a query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Furthermore  , it is now accepted that query expansion works only on queries which have a good top-ranked document set returned by the first-pass retrieval 2  , 13. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. , E k  using Equation 2. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. 3 Often  , query expansion does not literally re-use previously encountered terms but highly related ones  , instead. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. In addition to testing the eeectiveness of the term weighting framework  , we were interested in evaluating the utility of query expansion on the WT10g collection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. Specifically  , query expansion reduces the percentage of incorrect answers from 33% to 28.4%. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. First we consider query expansion. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. After having selected the first sentence of the summary  , we use query expansion for the rest of the blocks. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. This experiment shows the value of using query expansion in retrieving relevant suggestion candidates. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. For ClueWeb12 we also report an official baseline using Indri's query likelihood model Indri-QL. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. We observe a 16.7% of improvement in MRR by comparing DBS+DRQET with DBS+LCA. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. For each topic we show the original query and the selected expansion terms. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We refer to this set as XE. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. More intelligently targeted expansion   , such as expansion limited to specific concept categories  , would likely have been more successful. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. The results demonstrate that query expansion BBN9XLA and BBN9XLB improves retrieval performance  , consistent with previous studies Ballesteros and Croft  , 1997. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. If query expansion is based on the whole query " the White House "   , we will find expansion words such as " Clinton " and " president " . The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. That means  , the words from the two query expansion methods may make up for their shortage of information and improve the performance. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Table 4shows the results for the title only T task using and without using Google-set based query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. Although the exact implementation of their methods differed  , all of the top 5 finishing runs included some form of query expansion 8  , 1  , 6  , 9  , 4. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. As for reranking factors  , CFrelevant documents had the most positive effect  , followed by OSW and CF Terms. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. The complete document could be viewed  , in a separate window  , by clicking on the document title. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. That the exclusive use of relevant documents to generate query expansion terms would effect the systems positively. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. Query suggestion is closely related to query expansion which extends the original query with new search terms to narrow the scope of the search. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. , query expansion and document expansion. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. 12 and Jones et al. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Both methods use query expansion. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. and their morphological variants. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The third area is user in- teraction. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The expansion corpus consisted of the WWW  , People and ESW sub-collections of the W3C test collection. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. expand the user query with API names. Expansion is followed by query translation. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. and 0 otherwise. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. We therefore tried both query expansion and tweet expansion . Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. For each subject we examine first whether the subjects can detect good expansion terms; whether the subjects can recognise the expansion terms that are likely to be useful in combination with other expansion terms. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. There are also existing studies on search functionalities that are related to query suggestion but are different: namely  , interactive query expansion 3 and query completion 1  , 14  , 28. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. To form a query  , single-and multi-word units content words are extracted from the parsed query. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. Only Query Q: We performed API search using the initial query Q provided by organizer only. note on efficiency. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. al. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. In addition  , when the query matched exactly with an Wikipedia article and the query contained articles such as 'the'  , we added all the expansion terms obtained by expansion over the Wikipedia corpus. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. , UDInfoMINT. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. A possible cause for this may be the following. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Vector representation via query expansion. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. 5 and word sense disambiguation e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Multiply translations act as the query expansion. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. This resulted in the icdqe run. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. They are: Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Wikipedia. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. In 8   , Li et al.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. In this context  , our contributions are the following. the original query. Performance improves in TRIP in tight expansion w.r.t. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. For each query  , we checked whether it might be an expansion of another query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Previous work 15  , 9 which uses external resources for query expansion did not take into account proximity information between query terms and related expansion concepts to form high quality expansions. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. This result confirms the usefulness of proximity information for identifying importance weights for expansion terms as previously was shown in 13. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. A specific search engine. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Smeaton et al. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. for query expansion and results re-ranking. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. This paper has three primary contributions. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Voorhees et al. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. If the evaluation system selects two query terms sales and children for expansion  , with a maximum of one expansion term each  , the final query would be sales OR sell AND tobacco AND children OR child. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. For example  , in order to discover the expansion term of a query term  , one may need to expand another query term first  , to bring up a result document that contains the expansion term. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. not diverse. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Theobald et al. investigation. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. The 2011 query expansion modules were also reused. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 describes query expansion. Section 4 is the result discussion. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . The procedure is as follows: In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. no query expansion is applied  , " rmX.qeYn ,k.run " is the run ID of the retrieval result using query expansion method Y see Table 2  , with expansion parameters being n ,k. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. In this paper  , we propose a novel query expansion method based on social annotations which are used as the resource of expansion terms. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. After several experiments for considering the amount of words as query expansion  , we find that 10 keywords are enough to support the query. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Second  , the LCE method  , which uses both multiple explicit query concept types and latent expansion concepts  , outperforms the SD method  , which uses the query concepts alone. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? We hope to answer the following questions. When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. , the query terms and bigrams and the most important latent concepts i.e. , the expansion terms learned by our model. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. The enhancement introduced to the query expansion approach also resulted in an improved P@30 compared to Baseline13 and the improvement was found statistically significant. Here we use a full-freezing approach by which we only re-rank the unseen documents – those not use to create the list of expansion terms. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. For each retrieval method rmX X denotes the id of the retrieval method  , see Table 1  , we used the three query expansion methods Table 2 with appropriate parameter settings to obtain multiple retrieval resultsd. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Two query expansion schemes were adopted in our system  , one utilizing the standard PRF technique and the other mining query expansion terms from Google search results based on the same set of Microblog search queries and timebounded by the query timestamp. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. The values of t S c U u i F v w c y x W x were chosen for the UBRF stage for the SK run to give good performance across both development query sets when used in conjunction with document expansion. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Suppose that query qi has k expansion terms  , the relevance label of expansion term ej 1 ≤ j ≤ k is defined as follows: The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. The ad-side expansion can be viewed as document-side expansion  , which has been examined extensively in the general IR community. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. Query expansion expands the query with additional terms to enrich the query for- mulation 14  , 15  , 16. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Our paper makes the following contributions. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. Finally  , a machine-learning-based query expansion is applied to testing its effectiveness for searches with CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. They can also be used for query expansion. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Let Q be a query submitted by the user Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. We believe this is a very promising research direction. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. If the forest has T trees  , then Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We next present our random forest model. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. the user leaving the ad landing page. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. template. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Random Forest. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. Random Forest is the classifier used. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Learning scheme. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. Accuracy is defined as the percentage of answers classified cor- rectly. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. ICTNETVS1 is based on traditional information retrieval IR model. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. To overcome this we propose a new classifier: the Random Interval Feature RIF Ensemble. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The examples of keyphrases extracted by SEERLAB system are shown in Table 1. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. The input to our random forest is all categorical  , and is given as key-value pairs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. In this case  , we see that RadixZip consistently loses. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. The results show that our approach clearly outperforms both baseline approaches on all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. This is only used to select positively classified test points. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Experiment Setup. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Classifier Selection. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. As a result  , we were able to train our multi-label random forest classifier on a medium sized cluster in less than a day. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Trees are trained on the resulting 3 √ m features and classification is by majority vote.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Then a new result is achieved ordered by the combination of scaled scores of three retrieval model. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Once the features have been computed for an image  , they are fed into a random forest 6 classifier. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. The active label distributions can be aggregated over leaf nodes and the most popular labels can be recommended to the advertiser. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. The value of our prediction task lies in the fact that we use highly discriminative yet low-cost features. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. This OOB error estimate is also used later in the computation of variable importance. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. Figure 1reports these scores. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. As mRMR takes into account redundancy between the indicators  , this should not be a major issue. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. The random forest and pam combination provides middling results. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. 4 consists of the union of all corresponding sets: ProductionBiz: This is the actual matcher used in the production system for matching the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. 4 and 5 show the ROC curves for all five datasets. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well.  Incorporating both context i.e. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. None of the classical methods perform as well. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. That way  , there is a set of contrast variables that we know are from the same distribution as the original variables and should have no relationship with our target variable Y since Z i is a 'shuffled' X i . Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. To remain focused  , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. Compared to C4.5 a random forest ensemble created using log 2 n + 1 attributes is very good and RTB- 20 is the best by a rather small increment. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. This random partitioning produces noticeable shorter paths for anomalies since a the fewer instances of anomalies result in a smaller number of partitions – shorter paths in a tree structure  , and b instances with distinguishable attribute-values are more likely to be separated in early partitioning . Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. Training data  , with pre-assigned values for the dependent variables are used to build the Random Forest model. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. For every data point x in the original data  , define the out-of-bag OOB trees of x as the set of trees where x is not included in their bootstrap samples. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. V for more detail on the database. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. For example  , in the scenario of training ratios to be 5% and 10%  , the AUCs of HS-MP are around 4%∼5% larger than the AUCs of the random forest. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. We achieve qualitatively similar results for the other two servers; for instance  , the random forest classifier produces a prediction accuracy of 81% on Bleeding Hollow  , and 84.3% on Cenarion Circle. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. However  , by deliberate design  , we need to make no changes to our random forest formulation or implementation as discussed in section 3. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. In the within-project setting i.e. , models are built and applied on the same project  , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier  , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. For each pair of candidate answers Aqqu creates an instance  , which contains 3 groups of features: features of the first  , the second candidate in the pair and the differences between the corresponding features of the candidates. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. The proposed ensemble feature selection FS technique using TS/NN has achieved higher accuracy in all data sets except Diabetes. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. English  , Chinese yeari = paperi's year of publication meshi = set of mesh terms in the paperi For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Several appearance-based methods for hand detection in depth images have been proposed in recent research. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. Given that the proposed system is evaluated over seven iterations   , we plot for each benchmark the precision-recall curve for the iteration in which the proposed system achieved the highest F-Measure. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The table show that  , on average  , even the pessimistic estimate exceeds the next best the Raven boolean classifier system performance by over 4.5 %. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. As described in detail next  , this information is used to develop novel features for detecting entities and ranking candidate answers. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. In our future work  , we will compare Random Forest to simpler classifiers. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We then extend our MLRF formulation to train on the inferred beliefs in the state of each label and show that this leads to better bid phrase recommendations as compared to the standard supervised learning paradigm of directly training on the given labels. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . We aim to identify the topics which best characterize this intent and use those topics to infer the latent community structure. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. Let us now consider how to implement the LSH Forest as a diskbased index for large data sets. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. 3 or Eqn. Initialization. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Optimization. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. However  , the application is completely different. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. 1 and Eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. It is of the following form: 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Because Hogwild! N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , the following relation exists between Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. That is , As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . 2 is minimized. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Joint Objective. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Semantic relevance. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. This is difficult and expensive . In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. Semantic Sequencing. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Figure 4shows an example. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. For a given Latent Semantic Space The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. These two different interpretations of probability of relevance lead to two different probabilistic models for document retrieval. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes. It enables Semantic Search to provide richer results as the Semantic Web grows  , but also makes the system more susceptible to spam and irrelevant information.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. The relevance of a resource a is in inverse proportion to the distance from the ideal position 1  , ..  , 1 to the point of a. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. On the other hand data is exposed through human or device-based sensors  , it is then crucial that real-time semantic conversion can be supported. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. In our case studies  , we compare each correspondence {x  , y} in A to a correspondence {x  , y } in a reference alignment R. We use the semantic distance between y and y as a relevance measure for the correspondence {x  , y}. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. By projecting images into S  , cross-media relevance can be computed. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. We show that the new measure predicts human responses to a much greater accuracy. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance. If the keywords have a large semantic gap semantic similarity<0.05  , we determine that the doorway page utilizes traffic spam techniques.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page. Conventional contextual advertising primarily matches ads to web pages based on categories or prominent keywords which are regarded as semantic meaning.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. In the novel ranking model proposed in this paper  , the following three relevance criteria are considered. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. This includes issues of persistent storage  , efficient reasoning  , data mediation  , scalability  , distribution of data  , fault tolerance and security. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Third  , we have combined the notion of semantic relationship with traditional information-retrieval techniques to guarantee that answers are not merely semantically-related fragments  , but actually fragments that are highly relevant to the keywords of the query. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. The SemSets model 6 utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories semantic sets  , SemSets measured according to structural and textual similarity. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. The second issue—semantic equivalence between atomic information units—is challenging because making such judgments requires taking into account context and fine-grained distinctions in meaning. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We have shown that the proposed semantic similarity measure predicts human judgments of relatedness with significantly greater accuracy than the tree-based measure. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . While the scores produced by latent semantic models have demonstrated a strong correlation with document relevance  , they are just the " tip of the iceberg " in capturing the relation between a query and document. Combinations of latent semantic models. These scoring functions are simple and intuitive  , but we argue that they are not expressive enough to tune latent semantic models for relevance prediction and that they do not use all potentially useful information from the model. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. Information about the author  , title and attribution and preferences  , policies or opinions regarding manipulation of the content by third parties 28  , and transformation rules thereof  , could also be included as semantic hints. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. However the results are suggestive of the existence of some semantic distance effect  , with an inverse correlation between semantic distance and relevance assessment  , dependant on position in the subject hierarchy  , direction of term traversal and other factors. In our previous research about digital libraries 1  and large digital book collec- tions 2  we proposed three general metrics  , i.e. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. Therefore  , our future work will focus on the creation of suitable test corpora and will measure different semantic techniques using manual inspection together with appropriate quality measures. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. It generates a semantic graph for I/O of WSDL services using a user provided ontology and Wordnet 12 . The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. To measure the keywords relevance to identify traffic spam  , we studied the doorway pages with more than one META keywords. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. where 0 < α  , β < 1 and I and MI are normalized to be in the same range 0  , 1. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. The potential relevance of Tweets for Web archive creation has been explored 26. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " This is similar to building a relevance model for each document 3. After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. These video features include motion features e.g. , improved dense trajectory 13  , audio features e.g. , MFCC and visual semantic features 15 . The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. Information Retrieval typically measures the relevance of documents to a query based on word similarity. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. It encompasses cultural heritage generally and is envisaged as 'semantic glue' mediating between different sources and types of information. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. Though this topic modeling approach is more theoretically motivated  , it does not have the flexibility of adding different features to capture different aspects such as query relevance. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Using the similarity  , we can define the measure of Semantic Relevance or SRw i   , e as follows: Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Their experiments demonstrate that the visual phrase-based retrieval approach outperforms the visual word-based approach. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. A challenge in multi-database mining is a semantic heterogeneity among multiple databases because usually no explicit foreign key/link relationships exists among them. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. If a conjunct is an IR concept  , the glb values are retrieved from the IR Relevance Assertions . QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. The highest P@3 for IFM is clocked at 0.794  , which is comparable to the 0.801 achieved by QR4. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. For example  , the article " platform disambiguation " contains 17 meanings of the word " platform " . We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. Marginal citations are detected by semantic links between two homogeneous entities. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. ST represents a semantic type to which the concepts appearing in the topicrelated text snippets belong. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. It means that those nearby data points  , or points belong to the same cluster or manifold   , are very likely to share the same semantic label. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. A second heuristic is to try to prune the number of paths that need to be validated at the data storage layer. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. For example  , using TopicInfo Corpus  , we may get the relevance between the tweet link and user's query while using Origin Corpus  , we can get the content relevance between the query and the tweet text. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . Our second model Entity-centric estimates the relevance of each individual entity within the collection and then aggregates these scores to determine the collection's relevance. We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. Using more than one event queue allows a more concurrent handling of events using multiple threads. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Summing up  , the innovation of our work can be presented in two aspect. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. But the hash codes of images generated by baseline methods still show little relevance to their topics. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. In Section 2.1  , we study the tag-tag text similarity matrix by Latent Semantic Indexing 1 on tag occurrence. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgments. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. When there is no relevance to each other  , the category vector similarity is low. We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Crowdsourcing can be used to produce relevance judgements for documents 2  , books 16  , 17  , or entities 5. The basic idea is to produce an accurate ranking function by combining many " weak " learners. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Pictogram in Table 1could be a candidate since it contains both words with a total ratio of 0.1. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. ContextPMI and the Hybrid method generally achieve better accuracy and their deterioration in quality is slower compared with APMI and TempCorr . Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. The Semantic Gap problem was commented upon by the subjects of both studies. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The SCSF model is a further extension  , presented in Section 3.2.2. It fits naturally the IR framework based on vector space model VSM. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. the probability distribution keeping the uncertainty maximal. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. Tweets and Profiles can be represented by word2vec knowledge base as follow , We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. Image tag re-ranking becomes an interesting topic in research community 2 and industry. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. 2  , the x-axis highlights documents relevant to " Semantic Desktop " while the y-axis highlights documents relevant to " pimo:Person " . Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Structure link is also a strong indicator of the relevance between objects  , but is not as reliable as user links. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. It uses the ontology structure to determine the relevance of the candidate instances. The content panel can display various media such as a web browser  , drawing canvas or code editor. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. Also  , the hybrid method selects fewer terms and stops before the quality deteriorates any further. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Figure 1: Zero-shot image tagging by hierarchical semantic embedding. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. The WHIRL system 9  computes ranked results of queries with similarity joins  , but uses an extensional semantics. These cases yield a high precision up to almost maximum recall. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . Related research unifies the browsing by tags and visual features for intuitive exploration of image databases5 . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. We use the official intents as atomic intents to avoid reassessing relevance of the documents. SAXException is not thrown by any of the resolvable methods in the test scenario; therefore  , the functionality being sought should throw that exception . Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. In order to overcome this shortcome  , we propose a novel approach to divide web pages in different semantic sections. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. , the impact factor of information source itself. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data  , such as audio  , video and text  , from multiple information sources  , such as the Internet and TV. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. All combinations of independent variables were presented  , with each combination of topic 3 visuality x 4 difficulty being presented randomly  , and then for each topic all combinations of image size and relevance level 3 sizes x 2 relevance levels were presented randomly as a block. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. We start with the metafeatures shared by all models of this class and then take a closer look at the Deep Structured Semantic Model 20. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. In addition  , it learns the optimal aggregation of these different types of semantic matching to decide on the semantic relevance of a service to a given request. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. In conclusion  , this paper has put forward some of the hard questions the semantic Web needs to answer  , examined some of the pitfalls that may occur if they are not addressed  , and explained the relevance of the symbol grounding problem for the kinds of semantic interoperability issues commonly encountered. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where For example  , Arguello et al. , 2009a used Category-based Similarity to rank the resources and Arguello et al. , 2009b build a probabilistic model by combining multiple types of queries with the corresponding search engine types. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. In most of the existing click models  , we are only aware of which position is clicked  , but the underlying " semantic explanations " for the clicking behavior  , e.g. , clicked content redundancy and click distance  , are completely discarded. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. In the context of the TREC Interactive Task  , discussions of nuance and specificity centered on the semantic relations hyponymy and hypernymy 5 . Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. The prestige of the journal article was used to increase relevance because they believed that a journal that was highly recognized for accurate information would be more likely to contain a document relevant to the query. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. Two nodes va  , v b are connected from va to v b if the corresponding element e ab ∈ E is greater than α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Similar to cluster-based retrieval  , we rank the verticals clusters based on their estimated relevance and ultimately select the top ranked verticals to choose items from. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. On the one hand  , this is a positive result: the models do not require a fine tuning of K. On the other hand  , this can make it difficult to assign semantic meaning to the clusters. Deviations from schema represented paths are called refractions and paths with many refractions are unlikely to be easily anticipated by users  , making them less predictable. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. On the contrary  , HTML tags and other features such as keywords can be used in order to infer the relevance of changes. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. These results demonstrate that our system can achieve close to the best scores for a few number of topics simply because we could not implement the semantic similarity measure to compute the tweet relevance due to time complexity limitation. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. One problem in judging relevance between a tweet and a linked resource is the tweet is limited to 140 characters while the resource could span thousands of characters. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Our second contribution is quantifying this temporal intention based on the enhanced model. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. Alternatively  , for request-oriented indexing  , where a document's retrievability is more important than the consistency of its representation  , the weights could be derived from searchers' relevance judgements. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. After making a relevance judgment a NASA TLX questionnaire would be displayed. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We believe it achieves higher recall without losing precision of retrieval  , because documents usually have much more information than a query. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. Given an unlabeled image  , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. Specially  , the attribute relevance vector of a data field D is computed by averaging over its member text nodes  , as A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. These are very significant challenges  , especially for transportable systems which are based on theoretical idealizations of language  , not the kind of slop that real users use. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort  , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics  , while for semantic topics  , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. CombMNZ may be compared to a burden of proof  , gathering pieces of evidence: documents retrieved by several source IRSs are so many clues enforcing their presumption of relevance. In our research we focus on challenges that are presented by the growing use of on-line collections of digital items  , such as digitized text books  , audio books  , and video and mixed media content 1   , which require adequate browsing and search support. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. Using the semantic relevance values  , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. Preferences such as interest domain and programming language  , as well as characteristics of the application being developed along with a ranking method would improve the relevance of the returned results. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. The obvious approach would be to assess the magnitude or amount of change. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy  , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. CLEF 2007 is a set of 20 ,000 images  , 60 search topics  , and associated relevance judgements. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. The MediaMagic user interface contains tools for issuing queries text  , latent semantic text  , image histogram  , and concept queries  , displays ranked results lists and has an area for viewing and judging retrieved shots. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. s ≈ 14 i particle Table 1: Identifier-definitions for selected identifiers and namespaces extracted from the English Wikipedia  , the accumulated score s and the human relevance rankings confirmed    , partly confirmed    , not sure   and incorrect  . To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. We tackle this problem by generating new contentbased features to represent the relevance of a tweet to a given query. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. Each dimension of the latent space is represented by an entity and the query-document relevance is estimated based on their projections to each dimension. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. The difference between CCA and PLS is that CCA utilizes cosine as the similarity function while PLS learns dot product. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. 4 study the problem of semantic query suggestion  , where each query is linked to a list of concepts from DBpedia  , ranked by their relevance to the query. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. A natural next step is to extend the binary judgements to multiple relevance levels. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. An interesting thing is that the distance metric defined by EMR we name it manifold distance is very different with traditional metrics e.g. , Euclidean distance used in many other retrieval methods. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. However  , systems such as these still require a meaningful entry point to the set  , which might be through a query tool  , or a structured browsing tool which provides some level of organization. However  , individual phrases and words might have multiple meanings and/or be unrelated to the overall topic of the page leading to miss-matched ads. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. In this paper  , we have described a new query language for information retrieval in XML documents. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Topic characterisation in Social Media poses various challenges due to the event-dependent nature of topics discussed on this outlet. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. The work in the reported paper is related to several fields ranging from VoID data generation 5 ,4  , semantic indexing 18  , graph importance measures 20 ,12  , and topic relevance assessment 8 ,9 address similar problems. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Most combinations contained multiple topics  , with the exception of easy/semantic  , easy/medium visual  , and very difficult/medium visual. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. The queries we did find in the query logs are real  , provide a diversity of topics  , are highly relevant and fall within the common subset of query types supported by the majority of semantic search engines. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The second class of features attempt to capture the relevance of the snippet to the query. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. To this end we use a semantic metric that given a pair of words or phrases returns a normalized score reflecting the degree to which their meanings are related. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. The given text fragment is first represented as a vector of words weighted also by TFIDF. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. We show that our approach improves retrieval performance compared to vector space-based and generative language models  , mainly due to its ability to perform semantic matching 34. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. At the bottom of the screen  , YES/NO buttons allow users to submit a relevance judgement for this map/query pair. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger  , noisier collections than smaller  , well-behaved ones. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " Although all these phrases are important to diagnosing the patient described in the topic  , a significant amount of semantic meaning is lost when the key-phrases are removed from their contexts . In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. We also calculated the semantic similarity of a new tweet with the tweets that were already sent to the users to minimize redundancy. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. When using the sketch tool subjects had to formulate a candidate image to serve as their query. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. When manifold ranking is applied to retrieval such as image retrieval  , after specifying a query by the user  , we can use the closed form or iteration scheme to compute the ranking score of each point. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. In this section  , we try to make use of the translated corpus to enhance MLSRec-I. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. In this work nodes and edges of the page graph are assigned weights using both query-dependent and independent factors see 5. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " At the end of the KB Linking step  , we have textual triples which are mapped to KB triples either partly or completely. However  , according to 22 this may not be sufficient for more general and larger ontologies  , and thus  , the similarity should be a function of the attributes path length  , depth and local density. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. A number of tasks are defined in TRECVID  , including shot detection  , story segmentation   , semantic feature extraction  , and information retrieval. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. The proposed method is able to standardize the language used in topics and visits based on UMLS 1 and translate them into a language based on semantic codes provided by the thesaurus. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world  , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. 5 how to enrich the space representation of the topic with the conceptual semantics of words. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed image search system  , including the new query formulation interface and the relevance evaluation scheme. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. For this reason the combination of the three steps is the only practical way to retrieve components with reasonable precision from very large repositories like the web. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. In this way  , the dependencies between different types of objects are modeled using the topic z. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. The goal of Knowledge Acquisition KA is to develop methods and tools that make the arduous task of capturing and validating an expert's knowledge as efficient and effective as possible. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. In this paper we investigate the benefits of using the semantic content automatically extracted from text for Information Retrieval IR. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. But that comes with the condition of a context-dependent quality and relevance of established associations i.e. , alignments between clinical concepts which determines to which extent the search functionality can be improved. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. The comparison of means also indicates that users performed significantly faster with the visualization approach compared to the list presentation. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. Then  , when a user enters a text-based query  , we can extract tags from the query  , rank-order the songs using the relevance scores for those tags  , and return a list of the top scoring i.e. , most relevant songs e.g. , see Table 1. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. On the other hand  , a highly relevant region in a web page may be obscured because of low overall relevance of that page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. By taking the underlying structure into account  , manifold ranking assigns each data point a relative ranking score  , instead of an absolute pairwise similarity as traditional ways. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Specifically  , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Our topic segmentation method allows to better estimate the relevance compared to the request Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. 1 Thus  , how to represent both queries and documents in the same semantic space and explore their relevance based on the click logs  , remains a challenge. Near-duplicate detection is different from other Information Retrieval IR tasks in how it defines what it means for two documents to be " similar " . The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. This model belongs to the " learning to rank " category 8 which learns the preference or relevance function by assigning a real valued score to a feature vector describing a query  , object pair. In this case  , the correspondence between a tree and the query is 4-valued  " t "   , " p "   , " pft  , " f. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The existing test-driven reuse approaches make signature matching a necessary condition to the relevance and matching criteria: a component is considered only if it offers operations with sufficiently similar signatures to the test conditions specified in the original test case. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Because we use our model to simulate the simple combination method  , the queries for simple combination method are actually also sent to the semantic search service we developed to get the results. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. As Rapoport 1953 put it  , it is about technical problems that can be treated independently of the semantic content of messages 25. It is not clear that NLP-based passage trimming offers better potential than simple synonym term based trimming. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. As suggested by early probabilistic models we argue that analyzing directly unmatched terms may provide additional cues to the relevance of a candidate document to the query. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. There is some evidence that RTs can be useful in retrieval situations. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. For the strict relevance criterion  , the recall improved by 18% 0.048 to 33.2% 103 exactly correct definitions   , and the precision declined only slightly with 420 false positives to 19.7% F1 24.7%. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. , we counted the appearances of semantic concepts in the service collection and derived the probabilities from this observation. In the example at hand  , k=42 since every query and corresponding relevance set from SAWSDL-TC serves as a partition from the service set. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. Afterwards  , the entity candidate e i j of a surface form candidate set V i that provides the highest relevance score is our entity result for surface form m i . For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. The objective is to identify features that are correlated with or predictive of the class label. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. These terms can be obtained using KE techniques that identify mentions i.e. , snippets of text denoting entities  , events and relations. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. The higher the ratio of a specific interpretation word of a pictogram  , the more that pictogram is accepted by people for that interpretation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Next  , for each theme location l  , we determine the semantic relevance SemRel between l and a candidate snippet s by comparing the " word similarity " between W l and the set of words in s  , denoted as Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Representing the feature space of a topic with the proposed framework in the polar coordinate system enhances the standard Euclidean vector space representation in two main aspects: 1 by providing a strength of the relative semantic relevance of a feature to a topic; 2 by augmenting the possible orientations of such relevance to the topic. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. Generally speaking  , vertical gap in between two vertically consecutive TLBIOs inside a news area is smaller than that in between a news area and its vertically adjacent non-news area. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. By choosing the structured retrieval approach instead of bag-of-words  , a QA system can improve recall of relevant sentences  , which can translate to improved end-to-end QA system accuracy and efficiency. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . In 10 the content of pages is considered in order to propagate relevance scores only over the subset of links pointing to pages on a specific topic. Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. This simplification is the standard practice in IR modeling  , as in the ubiquitous unigram language model e.g. , 35  , 3  , 23  , relevance models e.g. , 18  , 17 or topic model based retrieval models e.g. , 44  , 45  , 12; 2 We rely on the intuitions behind semantic composition models from the literature on distributional compositional semantics e.g. , 4  , 27. Updating the taxonomy with new nodes or even new vocabulary each time a new model comes to the market is prohibitively expensive when we are dealing with millions of manufacturers. The question of how the relationship between the symbol and the referent is to be established has been identified in Artificial Intelligence Research as the " Symbol Grounding Problem " . To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. To capture the relevance of item t to the query  , we use some TF/IDF-based features extracted from the top k search results  , D. For example  , snippetDF is the number of snippets in top k search results that contain item t. snippetDF and other frequency-based features are normalized using logf requency + 1. Because the Shout Out dynamic calls for a back-and-forth dialog between the news-reading and comment-reading anchors  , the system needs to associate each comment with the paragraph to which it is most relevant. In particular  , the CLOnE 5 and ACE Attempto Controlled English 4 work introducing controlled language languages CNL  , and related GINO 2 and GINSENG interfaces for guided input interfaces for CNLs were the basis of Atomate UI's design. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. Based on the above mentioned three factors  , the relevance score of resource a for keywords K is computed by First  , N Ra  , ki is the normalized Ra  , ki in the range 0  , 1  , which reflects the the number of meaningful semantic path instances. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. The program correctly identified the semantic closeness between the following two context vectors the two context vectors have a distance of 0.03012 – the relative large value means they are close: Note that the two contexts have only one overlapping words. For example  , the word " right " spatial concept in "right arm" would be assigned a very low weight  , as the main focus of the concept would be the arm and not which side the arm is in. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. asp ?DefinitionKey=987 the contained embedded objects will be of interest  , as will be the variety of fonts referenced and the question whether some documents contain a change history and whether this history is considered of any relevance. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. There is a wide  , possibly infinite range of text features that can be designed to estimate the relevance of a candidate answer for the purpose of answer ranking. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. This objective is not restrained to textual similarity only  , but takes also into account the semantic similarity of classes and properties inferred by the schema. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. , 7 and 11. They do not  , however  , further pursue this aspect. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. Guidance was provided to modify the SMM in order to allow for a broader interpretation of relevance 4 RFP 103— " All documents which describe  , refer to  , report on  , or mention any " in-store "   , " on-counter "   , " point of sale "   , or other retail marketing campaign for cigarettes. " A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords  , such as genes or diseases  , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. The majority of the approaches proposed so far for estimating the relevance of a given ad to a given content  , and thus indirectly CTR  , are based on the co-occurrence of words or phrases within ads and pages 13  , 16  , 20 or on a combination of semantic and syntactic factors 4. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In terms of implementation   , the only difference with respect to non-semantic retrieval is that one probability distribution is estimated per concept using all the images that contain the concept rather than per image. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. We believe that addressing the navigation problem in a hyper-environment is challenging but feasible  , because semantic annotations provide machines with the ability to access what readers normally consider shared contextual information together with the information which is hidden in the resource. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. Thus  , the problem to be solved is the development of a methodology which will allow us to order the document clusters according to the number of documents with formal relevance equal to unity which they contain. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. As Fuhr and Großjohann 6  note  , however  , such functionality requires operators for relevance-weighted search in place of boolean ones  , as well as DTD-specific information on what constitutes the relevant fragment of markup containing each search hit identified above with #. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. , classes  , subclasses  , to the best of our knowledge our work is the first in exploiting such a variety of automatically extracted semantic content i.e. , entities  , types  , frames  , temporal information for IR. Similarly  , we can exploit the entities and the temporal content to better weigh the different relevance of documents mentioning dbpedia:Carl Friedrich Gauss and dbpedia:GAUSS software  , as well as to differently rank documents about Middle Age and 17th/18th centuries astronomers. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. Thus  , a query and a document  , represented as vectors in the lower-dimensional semantic space  , can still have a high similarity even if they do not share any term. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. Search results which produce pages of links create an implicit association among the pages  , insofar as the returned pages contain the words given  , but such an association can be distinct from a person's context informing the choice of those terms. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. We base our recommendation procedure on this hypothesis and propose an approach in two steps: 1 for every D S   , we identify a cluster 2 of datasets that share schema concepts with D S and 2 we rank the datasets in each cluster with respect to their relevance to D S . In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. We will expermission to make digitah~rd copies of ;L1l or patl of this motcriid without fee is granted provicicd hot the copies orc not Inaie or distributed for profit or commcrci:d mlv:mt:lgc  , lhu ACM c{pyright/ server notice. , the title of tlw puhlic:ltioo aod its d:llc :Iplc:ir  , :md notice is given th~t copyright c; h!y permission of Iw Associ:lti{~n I'or amine two different forms of dimensionality reduction  , Latent Semantic Indexing IS and optimal term selection  , in order to investigate which form of dimensionafity reduction is most effective for the routing problem. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. , ridge regularization method 12. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. For inference 17 use Variational EM. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. Nallapati et al. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. A bad initial ranking prefers nodes with low influence. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. The number of in-memory sorts needed is exponential in k. This exponential factor is unavoidable  , because the width of the search lattice of the datacube is exponential in k. It remains to be seen whether or not the exponential CPU time dominates the I/O time in practice. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. To prevent exponential grown  , the size of the window is limited. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. One reason for this practice may be the exponential growth in informational records grows at exponential rates which may contribute to higher overall discovery costs for organizations. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. The statistics published by the web services search engine Seekda! We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. This is computationally hard and has two main sources of complexity: i combinatorial explosion of possible compositions  , and ii worst-case exponential reasoning. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. The outliers tend to be inputs in which the user has specified an action in an exceptionally redundant manner. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The number of execution plans explored by the optimizer depend on the' applied search strategy. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. Search complexity refers to the number of steps taken to initially locate a goal state. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. Experimental results are discussed in Section 4 and conclusion is made in Section 5. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. 3 The generators found by WISE may not prune enough executions for larger input sizes. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. Turning to the models proposed in this paper  , the BEX approach alleviated the risk of temporal conditioning of search results for in comparison to EXP. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Fusion was by CombMNZ with exponential z-score normalisation. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. Similar methods have been used for kinodynamic planning 17  , 18  , 61. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . We have tested three greedy search strategies: In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. The number of feasible paths can be exponential in the program size  , or even infinite in the presence of inputdependent loops. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. First  , there is an exponential number of subgraphs to examine in the model graph database  , most of which are not contrastive at all. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. This optimal change forms the new state of the system and the search procedure repeats until convergence. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. , 2 I   , which requires huges space for long pattern datasets. Property 1 Let Y be an identifier tidset of a cluster C. Then Y is closed. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Because this problem requires that the number of customer segments to be limited  , we call it the bounded segmentation problem BSP. The problem of selecting a predictive attribute subset Ω ⊆ C can be attacked as a search problem where each state in the search space represents a distinct subset of C 10 . Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. 31 described a system for Mandarin Chinese voice search and reported " excellent performance on typical spoken search queries under a variety of accents and acoustic conditions. " The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. The noise covariance matrix Q can be also learned by off-line tuning. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. However  , the Poisson model in their paper is still under the document generation framework   , and also does not account for the document length variation. It can be shown that the number of possible decompositions i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. As any binary string can be obtained with equal likelihood as any In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The broad-brush effect can be eliminated by identifying such alliances and grouping them together. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. +  are normalization factors such that Dt+1 and˜Dt+1and˜ and˜Dt+1 remain probability distributions. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. With backtracking   , the worst case is that we have to search through the whole tree and the run time become exponential. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. I. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Each node in the tree containing the image of all reachable states from the initial node along the path. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. A significant scalability challenge for symbolic execution is how to handle the exponential number of paths in the code. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. On the other hand  , a time-only ranking as used by Twitter search fails to capture differences in tweets' relevance to the query. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. Heuristic Rule for DFF : Select DFF from Ci to Cj iff one ,of the following condition holds : l The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. The amount of computation depends not only on the number of parts and how they are interconnected  , but also on the solution to AND/OR graph. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. The reason is that for any number of modules n  , the number of connected configurations possible appears to be exponential in n. To find a optimal sequeiice of configurations leading from the initial configuration to the final configuration is akin to finding the shortest path in a graph consisting of such configurations as vertices . However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. The use of geometric constraints and branch and hound search dramatically reduces the numbet of nodes explored  , by cutting down entire branches of the tree. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. As the size of the rule search space increases exponentially with the number of variables in ungrounded rules  , enumerating rules quickly becomes infeasible for longer rules. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Most importantly  , a GA embedded search based dynamic scheduling strategy is proposed to produce a feasible and near-optimal schedule to resolve the conventional problem with exponential growth of search time vs. the problem size. Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. In IX  , this author described the problem as a graph search  , and suggested search techniques such as A'. While the real-time feature of the presented collision detection method is not essential in planning applications   , there are performance rewards for efficient collision detection. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Hence  , any bottom up mining strategy needs to employ extra techniques for pruning the search space. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. However  , they differ in exploration of the search space and the size of the portion explored. Search engine developers are well aware of the inadequacy of literal string matching as a method for finding relevant content  , and people are hard at work on creating better tools. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. With respect to the number of goals and resolution  , the size of the search space is n·r. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. Some of its successful applications include library catalogue search  , medical record retrieval  , and Internet search engines e.g. , Google. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. They assume that session records tell success or failure stories of users who became competent questioners  , given a topic and a search system  , or went astray: a search experience is poised to be rewarding for a 'good' user  , while the experience of a 'bad' user will be negative. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Thus we anticipate the information organization to soon occur  , not via 'URLs' but rather via 'event tags' and across 'geo-locations'. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. For our following considerations  , we restrict the projections to the class of axes-parallel projections   , which means that we are searching for meaningful combinations of dimensions attributes. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. In contrast  , obtaining a minimal reformulation can take worst case exponential time in the size of the universal plan  , if the backchase has to inspect many subqueries before finding it. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. If a PN is a valid model of an FMS  , the scheduling problem may be translated into a search problem of finding a desired path with the lowest cost makespan in a graph structure that is the PN reachability tree Murata 1989. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. Notice that with the inner loop involving Step 4-7  , the moving step of the base point ,towards the minimum point increases very fast. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. For an n clof manipulator  , the search space is exponential in n  , resulting in n * X states for a discretization x. The salient feature in timeld-automata formalism that is clocks enable us to refine the models and hence enhance our ability to address additional issues such as optimal solutions with respect to time or steps for a coordination problem involving different robots with different dynamic behaviours. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. Using a labeled sample of the AOL query log  , we observed an exponential decrease in the likelihood that the previous m queries are part of the same task as m increases see Figure 3. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Moreover  , score assigned to a leaf category qx also depends on the rank of referrals to qx: The topmost search results are assigned higher scores than those occurring towards the end of the list. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of this approach is exponential in the number of weights  , and consequently it cannot be used with more than a few such parameters. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. The A  , P  , and AP surfaces are mapped to an n-dimensional grid implemented as an n-tree  , and the search for a trajectory with minimum cost is performed in this grid. Frequent substructures may provide insight into the behavior of the molecule  , or provide a direction for further investigation8. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Exhaustively searching all the states in graph G can be extremely time consuming due to the problem of combinatorial complexity exponential growth in n. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. More recently  , Brewington & Cybenko consider the burden that modification rates place on search engines 9 . To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In particular  , this is because computing an SPNE is typically exponential in the size of the lattice. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. This means that the search space exploration time complexity is Ologn * 2 |q| . Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. To score a resource  , CiSS gathers documents belong to that resource in the search result list  , and generates a new rank of them based on their relative order. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. Such a technique is difficult to realize in practice due to the exponential number of options that need to be analyzed. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. We have demonstrated how to model the score distributions of a number of text search engines. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. First  , the complexity of the problem is  , in general  , exponential 25 and systematic search through the whole solution space does not guarantee worst case performance. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. This estimate is computed by extrapolating the total number of pages in a search engines index from known or computed word frequencies of common words 1 . In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. Even though there is a single continuous period 1993–2010  , it is represented in two different triples that both intersect the interval in the query 1997  , 2003. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. BASELINE is significantly more sensitive to the number of levels: increasing the number of levels could increase the search space for the expansion exponentially in the number of rules. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The paper describes two applications – Visual Understanding Environment VUE  , a concept mapping application and Tufts Digital Library Search that successfully interface with this architecture to use the content of the repository. Consider now a database with numerous  , medium or large images where users can ask any type of queries i.e. , with non-fixed variables using variable relation schemes. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In this paper we model score distributions of text search engines using a novel approach. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. We have shown a successful application of casebased search in the domain of assembly sequence generation . Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . The gradient threshold is set to ½¾  , the number of bins to ¿ and the number of probes to ¼. LiveSet-Driven achieves good scalability by pruning many cells in the search whereas All-Significant- Pairs checks a huge number of pairs of cells  , thus requires exponential runtime. This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. In this section we introduce the governing strategies and mechanisms utilized in our query optimizer. Problems that are easily solved by SPPL planner can at the same time be very difficult for the best general AI planners. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. The maximal property overcomes some of the challenges of the other itemset mining approaches  , such as the possibility of producing an exponential number of frequent sub-itemsets. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. The changes are introduced into the XML 6 A necessarily exponential-time procedure  , in general unless P = NP. In representing distributed error conditions  , we make a key assumption: the error must be able to be represented by a fixed-size  , connected sub-ensemble of robots in specific states. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. The i th of the M machines has ci cores used for shard search across the pi shards allocated to it  , and if allowed for resource selection and result merging. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. Even for a small distance between top and bottom levels of the search window  , the number of markings will grow exponentially as the window advances. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. Unfortunately  , due to the exponential growth of the number of subspaces with respect to the dimension of the dataset  , the problem of outlying subspace detection is NPhard by nature. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. Tweets relevant to the event e are then ranked in ascending order with lower perplexity being more relevant to event e. Using the perplexity score instead of keyword search from each topic allows us to differentiate between the importance of different words using the inferred probabilities. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In order to achieve the desired search objective at the required resolution i.e. , detection of a target within unit area  , the state space for a uniform grid is necessarily L × L  , or in the presented example  , 256 2 = 65  , 536 nodes. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. Given that a modern search engines appear to be strongly influenced by popularity-based measures while ranking results  , and b users tend to focus their attention primarily on the top-ranked results 11 ,13  , it is reasonable to assume that the expected visit rate of a page is a function of its current popularity as done in 5: If n is small and d is a finite and countable set then the distribution may be computed numerically by evaluating the possible sequences of actions  , computing the resultant final configurations  , and storing the associated probabilities in a data structure. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. In our work  , we use a rule-based model  , namely noisy indeterministic rules 9 which are particularly appealing  , as they can be learned effectively from experience. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. This heuristic then guides an A* search  , which takes place directly on the prophet graph. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. 3 http://oiled.man.ac.uk 4 http://www.hgmp.mrc.ac.uk/Software/EMBOSS/Apps/ A part of this ontology  , further referred to as the application ontology  , provides concepts for annotating web service descriptions in a forms based annotation tool Pedro 5 and is subsequently used at discovery time with or without reasoning to power the search 25. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. As an example  , suppose if we have 100 pairs on the scene to grasp and if we misclassify top 5 pairs  , we might just end up with a classifier with 95% classification accuracy; whereas  , if we use NDCG as the measure with k = 10  , i.e. , we care only about top 10 pairs  , because Φ has an exponential component  , any misranking of the top pairs will result in a bigger loss for N DCG 10 . Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. Bicchi simulated the frictional constraints using a set virtual springs  , and a stiffness matrix representing the elasticity of the object . We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. The main difference with Eq. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. As such  , it can be implemented in a statistical programming language such as R in a few lines of code. That is  , we choose 0.1 K+1 The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. In our experiments the optimal number of user groups was found to be two  , which was later used when computing the predictions for the final test set. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. Let the cmt at any node m for hill climbing. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. 8shows a modified Pioneer 3-AT at the bottom of a hill attempting to climb the hill. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. Furthermore   , the final result of the search is better than that of Smart Hill-Climbing with LHS. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " edges  ? 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. Figs. hill there may exist a better solution. Accepting Qud moves corresponds I ,O a " hill climbing " IC91: on the other side of IJtc! robot path PhMing. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Not all selected Fig. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Next  , it disusses the benefits of SBMPC. Hill climbing starts from a random potentially poor solution  , and iteratively improves the solution by making small changes until no more improvements are found. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The one is climbing up the hill with 35 degrees of the slope and the other is the going down the hill. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The good performance of hill climbing motivates the current work  , since fast search for sub-optimal solutions is the only way to deal with the vast amounts of multimedia information in several applications. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. This ongoing work will be reported in a future publication. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. A SPARCstation 10 is used both for robot control and for relocalization. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. Portions of many different paths may therefore be explored before a solution path is finally found. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. We believe that much future work can be done. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. This effectively rules out all choice interactions in this phase. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. In each hill climbing iteration  , we select the best grasp from N C l  until no improvement is achieved. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. 14shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The impracticability of examining every possible partition naturally leads to the adoption of a hill climbing strategy  , which essentially consists of iteratively rearranging existing partitions by moving individual objects to different clusters  , and keeping the new partition only if it provides an improvement of the objective function. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. The sequence length here is that the average number of iterations per calculation is indeed quite close to 1. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. The path formed at the local minima may not be collision-free and may be much longer than the optimal one. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. The performance of EVIS on Lawrence's instances is shown in Table 2 Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. The Manhattan Distance divided by the subspace dimension is used as normalized metric for trading between subspaces of different dimensionality. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. The first three are generally applicable as they require little a priori knowledge of the problem. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. This performance metric is compared with the target value. Two very important parts of this formulation  , which are often overlooked or not present in similar models  , are feature weighting and the feature smoothing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. Basically  , however  , the stability problem of the whole system is very important. The Spatial Semantic Hierarchy SSH 2 The basic SSH explores the environment by selecting an alternating sequence of trajectory. The JUKF functioned as expected. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. The parameter variation experiments were conducted on level ground and at a moderate slope of 8 degrees. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. In experiments  , we find an appropriate ¡Û value manually for each dataset. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. Therefore the fanout of internal nodes and the length of navigational paths are within a reasonable range for the users. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. However  , the general problem is NP-complete 4. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. In return  , the robot obtains two substantial benefits in terms of its spatial knowledge. As there is no analytical method available for the solution of differential equations  , the problem is solved by numerical method. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. In general  , the initial first-and second-order statistics are estimated through global self-localization GSL. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. PROCLUS 2 seeks to find axis-aligned subspaces by partitioning the set of points and then uses a hill-climbing technique to refine the partitions. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. Assignment to a cluster center is achieved using hillclimbing on the same density landscape. Otherwise  , the attributes in the non-stale set are selected as being influential on the score. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. In this paper we propose the use of learned re-ranking schemes to improve performance of a lazy graph walk. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. If a local miminum is reached  , A * search is invoked  , beginning at the point at which hill climbing got stuck see Fig. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. For the baseline method the association score between the document and any candidate mentioned is always equal to 1.0. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. This can be done by hill climbing as well. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Figure 2suggests that we do not have such a " large enough " database. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. This allows us to randomly walk around ¦  , without reducing the goodness of our current solution. These observations support Joachim's experience that the VC-dimension of many text Train  , c = −1 Test  , c = −1 "money-fx.lf" "money-fx.af" We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. If this simple test fails  , we randomly sample the cache and identify a pair in the sample whose distance is closest to the required one. and thus does not necessarily guarantee an optimal path in the shortest path sense. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. This is the criterion used in the examples in Figures Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. We stop coarsening the mesh before it degenerates and then apply a random initialization of contacts. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. In reality  , the hopper may be able to store substantial additional energy due to its horizontal motion. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. Then  , the method Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases acceptAction uses Prob  , which is a boolean function that returns true with a probability that depends on temp and the costs of the compared states  , usually e ~~s'~cost~s~cost~~temP. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. In this section  , we describe a heuristic search strategy for finding a fixel configuration for a particular feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. In CS-DAC  , several rankers are trained simultaneously  , and each ranking function f * k see Equation 3 is optimized using the CS- DAC loss function and hybrid labels. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. The non-overlapping modules corresponding to the initial configuration lie inside the loop while those corresponding to the final Configuration lie outside the loop. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Like a random search  , a global optimum will be produced in the limit as ng-wo. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. However  , it has a few limitations  , such as the fact that it is based on a hill climbing search  , which seem to make it unsuitable for our domain. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. In effect  , targets that differ from the ground 'The F uzzy Bversability Index also depends on the wheel design and traction mechanism of the robot which determine its hill clim bing and rok climbing capabilities. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. While 10 uses a feature space grid to assist in the search for maxima  , 4 parses the table of data points for each hill climbing step. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. Forward selection starts with a simple model usually all variables independent and iteratively adds terms accepting more complex hypotheses  , so long as there is sufficient evidence to accept new hypotheses. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. To obtain these values  , we apply a procedure for identifying the threshold values that lead to the highest classification accuracy from a particular training set. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. This is also the case for zoo and hepatitis  , and for mushroom  , where even a much larger data set includes misleading instances if a small support threshold is chosen. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. In this technique  , the " bad quality " clusters the ones that violate the size bound are discarded Step FC7 and is replaced  , if possible  , by better quality clusters. The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. 12where it can be seen that despite random initialization  , our approach is capable to synthesize point contact grasps that comply to different reachability constraints. At this moment  , we have selected a value for all type-I and type-III knobs of S. Recall that some type-I knobs are actually converted from type-II ones  , which are ordered discrete or continuous. Thus  , the system does not adopt a purely agglomerative or divisive approach  , but rather uses both kind of operators for the construction of the tree. One can check whether the fitness function for the satellite docking problem exhibits this property by performing a large number of statistical hillclimbing runs 6. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. The right image shows some small acceptable rocks on the right  , a 1 m to 20 crn deep from left to right step down at 5 m  , and a 45" hill at 10 m. Obstacle detection is quite reliable. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. We make the hypothesis that two or more of these situations cannot overlap e.g. , a small rock on the right side while climbing a big hill. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Fig- ure 13shows the average characteristics of the faceted interfaces generated by these methods. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. A potential transformation is made by selecting one of the sets belonging to Ë and then replacing a random point in this -set by a random point not in the -set. The soft cardinalities a measure of set cardinality that considers inter-element similarities in the set of the two sets of stems and their intersection are used to compute the similarity of two given short text fragments. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. By extracting the switching points from the model  , we are able to compute the stress vectors that yield a bottleneck change. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. As an exception  , the Probabilistic Translation Model was evaluated on the same representation that was used by Xu et.al.19. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. Future work will improve our distributed approach by optimizing floating point parameters of central pattern generators instead of discrete action or set-points in gaittables . This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. In order for dead reckoning to be useful for mobile robots in real-world environments  , some means is necessary for correcting the position errors that accumulate over time. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. The square symbol in Fig. A particular classifier configuration can be evaluated over a set of over 10000 images with several lights per image by a few hundred computers in under a second.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. Therefore  , the results retrieved based on it are more relevant to the query than those retrieved by the CBR systems  , which rely on low-level features only.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. The control problem can be problem of getting stuck in a local optimum which other Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Very Large Data Bases hill climbing problems are faced with. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. We opted for a hill-climbing approach to find effective parameters for the system. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Following six trajectories for each of ten rooms  , we observe that  , provided GSL is accurate  , the JUKF could repeatedly and reliably track the position and orientation of both vehicles. The WSJ  , FT  , SJMN  , and LA collections are used for testing whether the parameters optimized on AP can be used consistently on other collections. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. An example mean average precision surface for the GOV2 collection using the full dependence model plotted over the simplex λT + λO + λU = 1 is shown in Figure 2. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. However  , in some cases it is important to evaluate the energy required per ascending distance  , which we denote by cost of climbing COC  , such as when presented with different paths to the peak of a hill. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. Next the encoders were reset  , so the robot viewed the new location as the origin  , and a second evidence grid was built. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. This section describes a control strategy for automatically focusing on a point in a static scene. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. This scheme is called parent replacement. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. For the feature sets  , combining the full text terms  , gene entities and MeSH terms is effective but even the combinations of two of them work reasonably well. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The result was quite similar to the hill climbing heuristic  , but it skipped many important blocks in some of the cases. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. In such situations  , the cost to the destination can be computed without using equation 3 and the recursive computation terminates. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. As desired by the user the list can be reduced to terminal authors. In extensive experiments it has been proven to be very effective even for large teams of robots and using two different dec au pled path planning techniques. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. To find a meaningful weighting of a specific set of d dimensions   , Dim  , for a given set of must-link and cannot-link constraints  , further referred to as S&D  , our approach performs hill climbing. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. The goal of this phase is to refine the partition received from the previous phase. To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. We leave a more extensive evaluation including such heuristics as future work. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. Stochastic hill climbing does not examine all successors before deciding how to move. The first is how to utilize initial expert knowledge for a better and faster search routine. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Each single dimensional optimization problem is solved using a simple line search. For this reason  , we discriminatively train our model to directly maximize the evaluation metric under consider- ation 14  , 15  , 25. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. The related problems of traversing mud and high  , stiff vegetation are also of interest with the main issue being a technique for effective characterization of the vehicle-ground interaction. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. We observe a general trend showing that grasp quality is increased and variance reduced as the number of levels is increased. Since the experiment in the previous section shows that more levels in general lead to better expected grasp quality  , we have to investigate how the average and worst case complexity relate to the number of levels. Turbulence in the airflow produces a fluctuating chemical concentration at the robot. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. The data-points plotted are times in ps for a complete distance calculation . Second  , we explore how ensemble selection behaves with varying amounts of training data available for the critical forward selection step. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. , the local optimum found yields good conceptual clusters 4. is a hill-climbing procedure and is prone to getting stuck at a local optimum finding the global optimum is NP-complete. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. , one that includes the motor speed controllers to reduce the uncertainty of the tire/ground interaction  , the inclusion of the motor limitations  , and the ability of the model to predict deceleration when climbing a steep hill. This section describes the dynamic model of a skid-steered wheeled vehicle that was developed and experimentally verified in 8. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. As the goal function to be optimized in hill-climbing  , ℐ is considered better if the facets of ℐ have both smaller pair-wise similarities and smaller navigational costs than that of ℐ line 14. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. Some of this discrepancy will be due to the cost of the additional machine operations  , and on a modern small computer some of the time will be due to cache misses and pipeline flushes. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. The hill-climbing stepsize is initially set to 1.0 feet in translation  , degrees in rotation and is halved when a local maximum is reached  , in order to more precisely locate this maximum. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. In conclusion  , the TBD problem for the satellite docking operation is characterized by: a very large search space a high computation cost for evaluating the fitness of a a very small fraction of feasible designs a small probability of reaching these feasible designs through statistical hill-climbing. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. Figure 4shows the average similarity of25 queries in each set retrieved over the two datasets every 50 seconds using a SUN Ultrasparc 2  , 200 MHz  , with 256MB of RAM. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. ratio of the number of the nodes saved using the respective method to the number of nodes that would be saved by the greedy method were we to have complete data Λ  , Σ  , Ξ. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Each new map is obtained by executing two steps: an E-step  , where the expectations of the unknown correspondences Ecij and Eci , are calculated for the n-th map eln  , and an M-step  , where a new maxinium likelihood map is computed under these ex- pectations. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. When the objects interpenetrate the origin of TCspace slips into the TCSO  , and GJK discovers a simplex almost certainly a tetrahedron containing the origin and within the TCSO. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . The KS-distance as defined below In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Experiment 1. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The plant transfer function P z is . Figure 15shows the frequency response of the transfer function. 6 below is the transfer function of a velocity response model. This transfer function was then used to design the zero phase error tracking controller. From the PI transfer function and the ARMAX model of the motor  , which had been previously determined  , the closed-loop transfer function Gz was calculated. Spector and Flashner 9 analysed the zeros of a pinned-free beam transfer function for both collocated and noncollocated systems. For K = 0.5  , the transfer function reduces to The controller transfer function is C The plant transfer function Pz is α z   , therefore it becomes P mod z = ˜ α·∆α z . 10 can expressed by In particular  , if sl is equal to one  , then this equation becomes the following transfer function: The transfer function of the model in eq. The experimentally determined transfer function is 6. However  , the transfer function for figure 9.b is The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. shows that  , in the limit  , the relative degree of the transfer function is ill-defined. In addition  , any attempt to identify the transfer function model will be affected. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Hence  , we break the transfer function between intensity values and optical properties into two parts: i classification function  , and ii transfer function from tissue to optical properties. Therefore   , distinguishing between different tissues can enhance the volume visualization . Eppstein 13  showed that  , for general part feeders with non-monotonic transfer functions  , finding a shortest plan is NP-complete. In contrast to the planar push function  , the three-dimensional push function is not a monotonic transfer function. 9shows the concept ofthe inverse transfer function compensation. This objective is well-suited to the general XFl ,problem. More specifically  , referring to Figure 5  , we would like to design a controller to trade-off minimizing the norm of the transfer function from reference input Y d to the tracking error e tracking performance  , the transfer function from the disturbance d to the output y disturbance attenuation  , the transfer function from T to q robust stability   , and the transfer function from reference input Y d ~ . The input corresponds to the deno~nznator of the transfer function  , and hence  , position units are introduced into the transfer function by multiplying the denominator term by L. Scaling the controller output corresponds to scaling the numerator of the nondimensional controller transfer function The relationship between the nondimensional and dimensional control torques is H  t  = Q21hHndRt. The transfer function represents a ratio of output to input. The parameters used to plot this transfer function were the same as those in Figure 3 driving frequency. Therefore  , the frequency domain transfer function between actuator position and force is: Figure 5 shows the magnitude and phase relationship between actuator position and actuator force based on the given transfer function. Once a transfer function is shown to be passive  , the system can be stabilized easily using the following theorem. In the paper of Wang and Vidyasagar 5  , it is shown that an alternate transfer function can be chosen which has the property that  , if a given beam is sufficiently rigid or if the hub inertia is sufficiently small  , the transfer function is passive. However  , we can derive the more interesting transfer function between actuator position/velocity and actuator force by viewing our system as shown in equivalence. Figure 12shows the experimental system used for velocity response experiment. The transfer function P , ,s of the velocity response model has been assumed to be the transfer function P f  s  of the force response model as multiplied by a transfer function that represents the inertia of the output part and the determined experimentally. The index is dependent on the transfer function. For example  , producible impact force is input  , a safety strategy is a factor  , its danger index is transfer function  , and injury to a human is output. The transfer function of the charge amplifier is identified by monitoring its output in step response. 7 dshows the block diagram in case of applying the inverse transfer function compensation to the charge amplifier. Indeed we know that a positive transfer function is typical of a spring  , while a negative transfer function is indicative of a mass. And the reflective path shapes the local appearances   , whether inertial or spring like. At low frequency  , this transfer function is equal to unity  , and in the limit as frequency goes to infinity the transfer function goes to zero. Therefore  , the true bandwidth of the system will depend on the servo valve characteristics. These functions parameterize the set of different trajectories based on covariances of initial beliefs. To plan a trajectory efficiently  , each edge of the belief graph is associated with a covariance transfer function and a cost transfer function. If the relative degree of the transfer function is not well-defined  , the performance of a controller designed using this model can be affected. So  , it is obvious that there is agreement between the transfer function approach and the analytic optimization solution. We are focusing on driving frequencies significantly less than the servo valve bandwidth. Opposite of the closed loop forward transfer function   , the impedance at low frequency is equal to zero. At high frequency   , the transfer function is equal to the value-of k ,  , the spring constant of the physical spring. were used in both repetitive controllers. This transfer function in itself is not really of interest to us as it does not include the spring dynamics. If developers do not know about the existence of the defined locking aspect or its relation to the new function transfer  , they might not add transfer as a relevant shadow  , thus  , might miss locking in transfer  , or create a redundant locking cross-cutting concern for that function. For example  , in the above online banking system  , assume that after aspectization  , a new function transfer is added and also has locking  , i.e. , it is a locking concern container . Instead of assuming a mechanical model  , we have decided to estimate a transfer function directly from the frequency response data. This command estimates a discrete-time transfer function corresponding to a given frequency response in the following form. For a real rational transfer function  , if the poles and zeros are simple  , lie on the jw-axis and alternate with each other  , then the transfer function is passive. This is done easily through the following theorem. This property is called interlacing. It was seen that the derived transfer function agreed identically with the analytic optimal spring solution presented. To that end  , a transfer function approach to the open loop dynamics of the translating foil was presented. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. The input of a transfer function is V before the execution of the instruction   , and the output is the new V after the execution. Next we interpret each instructions of the function by following the transfer functions in Table 1 . Data and experimentally determined transfer function amplitudes match very well. The amplitude plot contains the amplitude of the data points and transfer functions. Both transfer function have two zeros and four poles. Note that the dependence of transfer functions on s is not denoted throughout the paper. The transfer function of the charge amplifier Gc& can be assumed as the 10b. Assuming the manipulator closed loop transfer function i.e. stiffness force disturbance 16. The transfer function of When D = 0  , the system is said to be strictly causal. and substituting the plant transfer function of Eq. 5 we can derive the expression C Fig.13shows the bode plot of the transfer function. 11shows the final result. 11show the Bode plot of the resulting identified transfer function contact force versus normal velocity. The corresponding z-domain transfer function is is the integrator output. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function Fig. For the case of the hoist and drag drives the transfer function is for winch velocity as a function of reference input  , while for the slew drive it is for torque as a function of reference input. Each drive system is modeled by a discrete time transfer function  , expressed as a numerator and a denominator polynomial. Since only the magnitude response is used  , the frequency domain identification method in 5 is only suitable for identifying minimum-phase transfer functions with slightly damped zeros such as the transfer function from the shaft velocity to tip acceleration. In 5  , as an alternative to ARMA models  , a frequency domain technique has been used to parameterize the transfer function of flexible link manipulators . Because calculation of the viscosity and other behaviors of ER fluid would be too complicated  , a velocity response model has been determined experimentally. Next  , a discrete  , unnormalized probability distribution function Fvhrt c' is obtained as: Even a customized transfer function can be devised by utilizing B- splines. The transfer function for first setup controller is: The sensitivity weighting function is assigned to be  Two controllers were designed using p -synthesis toolbox of Matlab. The transfer functions were identified using the MATLAB The simulator runs at 5Hz and writes the system output variables to the logger using its RTC interface. The transfer function depends on the geometry given by the diameter function of the part. Since rotating the gripper is equivalent to rotating the part  , the transfer function is defined in terms of the part's orientation with respect to the gripper . Then clearly q is a stable transfer function. Now let where 8 is a small positive number. The middle loop decouples the dynamics of the system reduces its transfer function to a double integrator. controller. Where q c is the parameter which determines the controller convergence speed. Fig.7Block diagram of direct transfer function identifier. The above transfer function meam a typical second order system. 21 the natural frequency un is given by 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. ¼ The estimated transfer function was converted into the following standard form which is convenient to design a controller. Hz / 2 ! Using this value for C in the derived transfer function The capacitor's recommended value is given as 0.022 uF. The above methods can only be applied t o overdamped systems. The transfer function  , G  s is given by: Stability is analyzed by plotting the Popov curve for the transfer function from A to B . The force control for the experiments uses an inner velocity loop. For the velocity loop  , the transfer function is: The Bode plots obtained experimentally to model the link dynamics are displayed in Fig. The experimentally determined transfer function is where µ is a discount factor that defines how trustworthy the new observations are. The controller transfer function is C is a stable transfer function. Under the assumption of identical master and slave subsystems  , that is substituting 5-8 into In this system  , several factors are connected with each other in series. This method is a kind of feed-forward control. I 1Displacement control with inverse transfer function compensation integrals  , the output of the compensator is generally stable. where Fig. Figure 7 shows the arrangement of the singlemass arm. The transfer function of the controller is obtained using equation hub. The experiment results is shown in Figure 7. The force error is predictable from the transfer function. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The system's response is 2nd order. 20  , the transfer function from the disturbance to the output force is expressed as follows: Then  , from eq. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: 4. However  , there is no step response experiment for the fuel mass measurements from sensor WIA 2. We assumed that the transfer functions were of first order and used classical geometry-based approach for identifying transfer function parameters. The mechanical svstem consists of a D. C. motor attached to is very sinall and is assumed to be zero in obtaining the transfer funct ,ion of the controller. During pipe transfer and placement  , slips may occur along the pipe's axis. The robotic gripper's primary function is to transfer pipes and move them into or out of the roughneck. It should be noted that Gs is not a single transfer function but rather a family of transfer functions with independent real interval coefficients; thus Gs represents an interval plant system 8. To overcome these challenges  , BIGDEBUG provides an on-demand watchpoint with a guard closure function . Such data transfer would also incur high communication overhead  , as all worker nodes must transfer the intermediate results back to the driver node. The dynamics of HSI and TO are assumed to be negligible  , they are modeled as ideal transducers with unity transfer functions. Its reaction is modeled by an admittance with serial spring-damper dynamics with the transfer function s/s + 0.5. The ZPETC is based on the inversion of the closed loop transfer fimction so that the product of the ZPETC and the closed loop transfer function comes close to unity for arbitrary desired output. The ZPETC can solve this problem. The values of the sensitivity transfer functions along the normal and tangential directions  , within their bandwidths  , are 0.7 m / l b f and 0.197 in/lbf respectively. Figure  13depicts the sensitivity transfer function. In the whole teleoperation  , highly accurate control has been achieved. It can be seen that the robot arm undergoes smooth transfer between autonomous function and avoidance function aa well as recovering function to cope with the unexpected event. A time wrapping function is a transfer function which aligns two curves. The two curves on the right show two stock market charts and their corresponding time wrapping function 21. The sensitivity function in low frequencies is minimized simultaneously with the open loop transfer function in high frequencies   , using a Lagrangian function. The procedure of 7 is used for 1/0 Decoupled sys+ ten=  , getting a LOR controller. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. This section is devoted to a description of the extender performance where the following question is addressed: What dynamic behavior should the extender have in performing a task ? The transfer function for feh  , when all the mappings of Figure 7are transfer function matrices  , can be written as: Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. We see that the transfer function defines the kinematic correspondence between the master and the slave. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Due to the simplicity of the flotor dynamics  , a n y proper  , stable  , real-rational transfer function can be obtained from the desired acceleration a  , to the actual acceleration a of the flotor of course  , there will be limits on achievable performance due to plant uncertainty  , actuator saturation  , etc. The key concept is to sample in the mean space and search in the covariance space of robots' belief states. A class of outputs which lead to a minimum phase transfer function for single-link flexible robots have been presented in 8. In the case where the hub inertia is very large  , it has been shown that this output would result in a minimum phase transfer function 5. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. The rope tensile force  , fR   , can he represented by: The force commands should be sent to actuator through D/A converter modeled by putting the transfer function in Eq. The spring-damper model is typically employed as a virtual wall and the transfer function from the velocity at the contact point to the command force is given by In our case  , the closed position loop transfer function of one motor is approximated by a first order system : Winding motors can have a very small response time  , but in the general case  , the motor position control loop cannot be neglected in the full open loop transfer function of one mode. The position model used in this research is a 20 degree of freedom DOF lumped-spring-mass-damper model based on the work of Oakley 16. The transfer function for the Fy model is: The transfer function for the Fx model is: Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. Specifically  , the undamped transfer function from By the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller will guarantee stability if the robot is undamped. with the horizontal subsystem  , the goal is to find a passive transfer function by carefully choosing an output variable. Section 4 of this paper proposes an alternate transfer function which has a well-defined relative degree even as the number of modes approaches infinity. As well  , the problems in determining the relative degree of this transfer function are discussed in Section 3. An alternate method is presented in this section which does give a well-defined transfer function. T r a n s f e r F u n c t i o n Modelling In the previous section  , it is shown that  , for the transfer function between the input torque and the net tip deflection  , there is no well-defined relative degree. As discussed in Section 1  , the other important measure of hand controller performance is its achievable stiffness  , which is provided by a position control loop with transfer function T  , between sensed position Xs and actuator force Fa. This loop is described by the transfer function TJ from sensed force Fs to actuator force Fa. The hydraulic servo valve and joint transfer function plant models are for different arm postures and for different command levels. The transfer function relates the joint position in radians to the command signal in counts with a 12-bit D/A board. The key is to define output variables so that the transfer function is passive. This implies that  , if the transfer function from the input torque to some carefully chosen output can be shown to be passive  , a PD controller can be used to efficiently eliminate flexible link oscillations27. If the poles and zeros of the undamped transfer function from A E to Aq1 -2Aqh4 are plotted for all the orientations in Figure 8  , the pole-zero patterns all display the interlacing property  , thus implying passivity. It was found that the undamped transfer function from A71 to A41 -2Aqh4 is passive. From the above lemma and the proof of completeness for polygonal parts and by verifying that for transfer functions f of polygonal parts  , A' The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. From this state space model  , the transfer function between the torque applied to the link and the net tip deflection is derived in Section 3. For purposes of this paper  , the authors define the bandwidth of transparency as the frequency at which the transparency transfer function crosses a A3 dB magnitude band. The bandwidth of transparency can be characterized by the frequency at which the transparency transfer function departs significantly from 0 dB magnitude and 0" phase. However  , because the passivity theorem is only a sufficient condition  , then having the transfer function non-passive does not necessarily imply instability . It can be shown that the transfer function does not remain passive if damping is returned to the system. It may be the case that an attacker wants to slow down transfer of a given piece of information; but the transfer speed itself is a function of the aggregate effort of the machines participating in the transfer. As another example  , maybe more related to Internet security  , consider parallelized file transfers  , as in the BitTorrent peer-to-peer service. One of the common approaches is to derive the transfer functions for all input/output pairs from the step response experiments 4. function: All keybord interaction except the function keys is directed to the dialog object. By selecting items from this list he may transfer previous commands to the dialog window for editing and execution. We then present a constructive argument to show that only On projection sets need be considered to obtain the diameter function. It may be noted that this is all that is necessary to compute the transfer function. This means there is a room to improve the backdrivability without affecting the txansfer function of the reference torque. With this controller  , we have the following transfer function and the backdraiv- ability. The diameter function of the thin slice is shown in dotted lines along with its transfer function. Instead  , in this case  , the ramp has to be grabbed between the steps. At the beginning of the interpretation of the given function  , the argument values are assigned with value and reference dependencies of themselves. Similarly  , we redefine all accessors to record structures for records owned by the terminal as calls to protocol transfer functions which: The functions mentioned above all behave in the following way: some data function parameters or record instances to be accessed is passed to the opposite partition and then some task is performed by that partition on the data. We then redefine each function which is owned by the terminal to be a call on a protocol transfer function: the name of the function and its parameters are passed to the remote-function-call function. In the function  , two similarity measures are used. Function transq returns a query q such that it is appropriate to transfer edits for query q to query q. Our system is comprised of a user information collection function and a P2P transfer function. Our system is an aggregation system intended to allow smoother communication by transmission of user information from acquaintances that provides an outline of their routine. These functions are: instruction access tracing  , data access tracing  , and conditional transfer tracing. Each of the three bits per word performs a specific function. It requires a model of the robot+camera transfer function  , which is computed using I  , The controller is a generalized predictive controller that is described in section III. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. The transmitted impedance felt by the operator  , see with the difference between Zt and 2  , being interpreted as a measure of transparency. Then the transfer function is obtained as shown in Fig. Let the displacement be the input and the output of the charge amplifier be the output. This results in a transfer function which is minimum phase with zeros on the imaginary axis. Furthermore  , with a rigid manipulator   , the sensor and actuator are collocated. we define how the orientation of thr: part changes during a basic pull action. We derive a transfer function for the pulling feeder for convex polygonal parts  , i.e. This is accomplished by scaling the nondimensional frequency variable i = The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. Then we can modify the controller input For a repetitive task  , the transfer function of the system will be the same. A momentary switch is mounted-on the side of the handlebar. A transfer function converts the handlebar deviation to an actual steering angle. has a constant transfer function which is required to work in a changing environment. An electrically driven axis is essentially a fixed device i.e. Gp stands for the closed loop transfer function of the position controlled system in free motion  , from motor setpoint to link position. In order to use this feature  , a headrelated transfer function is needed. For this reason  , it is not usually used in common applications. 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. Since all the parameters in Fig. a t the front and t ,he rear of controlled system P and tlherehy shape the open loop frequency transfer function. Then  , we can expressed Transfer function of piezo displacement as input and output of charge amplifier as output Fig. The displacement of the piezo can Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : force unloading no saturation Fig. Otherwise  , the transfer function 28 should be realized by means of switching circuits or by software. The same parameters were used for digital integration of the equations 20-27 with addition of the correction block having the transfer function given by 28. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. The human operator exerts a velocity step. Once the output utpet is calculated from ZPETC's transfer function 3  , the repetitive compensation is calculated . The following discrete time equation expresses the repetitive compensation: It is shown in figure 4. This avoids numerically unsound calculations such as inversion of transfer function matrices. In practice  , a state space approach is used to relate the measurement and thorax dynamics. is non-proper. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output If the follower calculate U ,  , the follower could estimate the trajectory precisely using the transfer function GI as illustrated in Chapter 2. 19. The system then displays information pertaining to self and others aggregated by these two functions via an information display interface. Identity mapping I is used as feature mapping function  , with the mapping procedure This can be viewed as a special case of transfer learning. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While the Boldi et al. The contact stability condition imposes that the actual penetration p is positive during contact. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from 9 also focused on the frequency domain verification of transfer function models for a single-link flexible arm. 16 and Nebot et al. In many cases this range is sufficient. The analog circuit for transfer function 28 and also software procedure 30 were realized. Strain sensors mounted on the bcam surface are used to derive the bending information. The controller transfer function is redimensionalized by essentially scaling t ,he zeros and poles of the nondimensional controller. The nondimensional Laplace frequency variable is denoted by i. We prove several important properties of the finger within this framework. In Section 2.2  , we will define a basic pull action and the corresponding transfer function. We consider the finger as a programmable part feeder. Using this approach we can obtain the transfer function of a system. Lately  , a more abstract approach   , working with dioids a p p r e d . The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Another important difference is that the transfer function model used in 4 Net tip position yt may then differ substantially from y 't and exhibit large oscillations. 2shows that the actuator signal  , r d   , can be reconstructed from the control input signal U and the identified actuator transfer function H . the characteristic equation becomes f1s=s 2 +KPs+KI. 3 of the previous section that is  , m-l=3  , the transfer function is The most rapid changes in position may be associated with the higher frequency components of the position command signal. The band pass transfer function is given by Equation An artificial ear for the auditory system would affect the spectral characteristics of sound signals. One major default mode that can alterate this function is the seizing of the pump axis. They basically transfer gas from inlet to outlet. Substituting this into the relation for Ci and simplifying gives  , This is still a nondimensional equation. MRAC was implemented into the real master device system . The transfer function of a reference model was set up as follows. The remote environment is modeled by an impedance with parallel spring-damper behavior with the transfer function 1/s + 1. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. that is simply an integrator  , Along the trajectories of Euler's equation in Choosing a first order stable transfer function leads to a compensator E. Thus  , when no torque is applied it will return to its zero position. In this section we look at the transfer function taking input current to pan and tilt angles. Figure 4depicts an example of the former. These approaches M e r from one another only in the level of abstraction. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. First there is the transfer function representing the dynamics of the master arms Y ,. The structural model comprises a great variety of parameters. With the values of the physical and control parameters used to produce the experiment of Fig. 7is obtained  , where Tis a certain transfer function. We used the robotic system to measure gap junction function. 7b shows that a higher dose of 18-αGA inhibitor resulted in significantly shorter dye transfer distances. A maximal box around the nominal p 0 is obtained by increasing . Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: The force static characteristic is single valued and would require  , for example  , an integrator to generate instability. The transfer function is then: U Here the transfer function of the motor-gear system and the controller are replaced by a simplified system for conciseness. K4. The simplified coupled impedance transfer function obtained from System passivity means that the work is always done by the external force  , without loss of the contact. We shall show that this transfer function has several desirable properties. For example  , consider the case where all the transfer function matrices in 10 are diagonal. The stability of the system can be investigated using the Routh-Hurwitz scheme. With active control  , the actuator is backdrivable. Reference 4 describes the conditions for the closed-loop stability of the system. One can find many methods to design the controller transfer function K . Alternate approaches have to be found to make the transfer function appear passive for the case when is large. This can is typically very large 7. The simulator implements a comprehensive dragline dynamic model. Although not the case here  , such data would typically be obtained from a commercial spectrum analyser. The empirical transfer function r��:� is also plotted. Con-' sider a 2D system described by the transfer function \Ve can now give a realization procedure based on the method illustrated in the above example. This experiment used a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF method. It is known that spatialized sound may increase the sense of presence in VEs 5. Hence  , we first remove all functions and type declarations which are private to the terminal. Further  , Wang and Vidyasagar have shown in 12  that the relative degree of the transfer function relating the base torque to the tip position becomes ill-defined as the nuimber of modes included in the truncated model tends 'to infinity. It was also shown in 9  that for noncollocated position measurements  , the locations of the right half plane zeros of the resulting transfer function are highly sensitive to errors in model parameters and the distance between the actuator and the sensor. In the middle  , the solid line is the measured control signal v6  , and the dashed line the predicted controlled signal  , where the predicted signal is an output of the transfer function model when the control error e is given as an input. Figure 8 shows the predicted response of the subject using the transfer function model defined in 17  , where the measured controlled signal ys of the practised operator and the predicted signal are shown. The first two clamped-free and pinned-free frequencies computed from the analytical model agree within 10% with the measured frequencies. As shown in 131 it is found that the colocated transfer function motor tachometer is characterized by a set of alternating zeroes and poles slightly on the left of the j w axis while the noncolocated transfer function tip accelerometer is non-minimum phase with right-half plane zeros. Also note that since the load is connected to the end-effector  , both terminologies "load velocity" and "end-effector velocity" refer to v as derived by equation 2. where G is the actuator transfer function relating the input command to the actuator to the end-effector velocity; S is the actuator sensitivity transfer function relating the line tensile force fR to the end-effector velocity  , v   , A positive value for v represents a downward speed for the load. For free motion case  , the object is to find the transfer function from the motor torque to tip position of the manipulator  , and in constrained case  , we want to find the transfer function from motor torque to the force exerted by the manipulator to the environment. The system identification using orthogonal bases is applied to experimental data taken from a single flexible link manipulator in free motion and in contact. However  , it has been shown by Spector and Flashner 9 that with noncollocated measurements such as tip position  , the resulting transfer function is non-minimum phase in character. In this paper  , we described the design  , the modeling and the experimental results of our prototype of an endoscope based on the use of metal bellows. Now we have beginning to work on the identification of the servo-valve block-diagram like a fust or a second order transfer function  A V to AP   , and on the identification of the servo-valve and mechanic-system block-diagram like a third order transfer function  A V t o A d  . If Go is a transfer function mapping the open-loop robotic arm endpoint velocity v to an input  , K  , is the velocity compensator around each joint  , and so is a transfer function mapping the robotic arm endpoint velocity v to the forces f when the velocity loop is not closed  , then the closed-loop velocity control system is as shown in Figure 5. operator fh   , and the forces applied to the machine by the environment  , f  , . The first result involves characterizing transfer functions of polygonal parts and states that for every step function f   , each step having a fixed point4 strictly in its interior  , there corresponds a polygonal part PJ having f as its transfer function and vice versa. The general idea is to reduce the problem to showing the proof of completeness for polygonal parts which has already been proven 4. shows the experimental and least-squaresfitted open-loop transfer functions from elbow torque command to elbow motor tachometer and to tip accelerometer outputs using an HP 3562A Dynamic Signal Analyzer for this experiment  , the shoulder motor was locked and the arm is in its unloaded configuration. We ran 200 trials and plot the mean and standard deviation of the information transfer estimate at each time step. In Figure 2we examine the accuracy and convergence of information transfer estimates as a function of time both with and without bias correction. The transfer knction from input voltage V  , to the AC component of the output voltage superimposed on the power bus line V  , is given by Figure 4illustrates the transfer function. Figure 3depicts the model of the modem circuit including the parasitic dynamics. When dealing with interval plant systems with independent coefficients one typically is interested in Kharitonov polynomials. The value of a function mapping is a member of the enumerated set FN-RETURN = { Preconditlon-Error  , Previous-Menuf Prevlous-Screen  , Master-Menu-Or-Exit  , Screen-Error }. Transfer of control from a menu to a function is specified by evaluation of a mapping whose evaluation represents execution of the function and whose value represents the state in which the system returns to the menu. Then  , after the operator released the Spaceball  , the robot arm continued its original autonomous motion without any replanning together with autonomous recovering plan. The diameter function of a part is a mapping between the part's orientation with respect to the gripper and the distance between parallel jaws of the gripper. The human force f is a function of human arm impedance H  , whereas the load force is a function of load dynamics  , i.e. , the weight and inertial forces generated by the load. The 1/0 stabilizing decoupling controller for stabilizable rational proper minimum phase and full row range systems of 9  , is used. It is shown that if the tip-position is chosen as the output  , and the joint-torque is chosen as the input  , then the transfer function of the system is non-minimum phase. In 4  , transfer functions for a single-link flexible robot have been presented. That  , is  , the peaks of t ,liis transfer function are easily identified and the variation of tlie frequency where these peaks occur admits a direct functional relat.ionship with the payload carried IJY tlie robot. The particular frequency domain profile typical of flexible iiianipulat.or transfer functions iiiade it a good candidate for on-line frequency est ,imation. Then  , the approximated cost to traverse an edge is computed by plugging a covariance at a departing vertex into the associated cost transfer function of that edge. Second  , from the initial belief  , covariances at other vertices can be computed efficiently by propagating Λ − 0 using covariance transfer functions. In the next section we present a newly developed system identification based on orthogonal basis functions. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. We assume a nicely damped transfer easily be estimated  , since the PID controller is tuned by using these two variables: Since the robot has voltage driven joint motors comparable to velocity steering  , the most important lower frequency range of transfer function of the joint can be approximated by a second-order system with a pure integrator 4. Examples of transfer statements include: method invocations that pass tainted data into a body of a method through a function parameter: updatesecret; assignment statements of a form x = secret  , where tainted variable secret is not modified; return statements in the form return secret. Conversely  , transfer statements access confidential data and propagate it without modifying it. It is well known that if actuator and sensor are located at the same point co-location then the transfer function is passive and thus it is possible to develop a very simple controller. Usually  , position controllers are developed using transfer functions from the input torque T to the tip position y. In this discussion  , we will focus on the transfer function between actuator position/velocity and the actuator force  , as the phase relationship between these will relate to our optimal spring problem. This suggests that it is possible to derive transfer functions in the frequency domain describing the dynamics of the system . Several alternate transfer functions are proposed. In this case  , since the hub inertia of the flexible link may increase over its critical value at which the passivity of the transfer function is lost  , some modifications are made in the application of original passive controller 5. Not all ICFG paths represent possible executions. The transfer function fp for a path p in the ICFG is the composition of the functions for the nodes and the interprocedural edges on the path. The closed loop frequency response is shown in figure 7. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. Since the numerators and denolminators have non odd powers of s  , the poles and zeros will be symmetric about the imaginary axis. Introducing the notion of lossless transmission line  , Anderson and Spong 8 argued that L block can be made to strictly positive real and stable transfer function. and L block includes the time delay. Applying the passivity to teleoperation  , Lawrence proved the following theorem. 'fico control is used to suppress the effect of uncertainties by minimizing the oo-norm of the system's closed-loop transfer function. For these two reasons  , it was decided to explore the concept of robust control using an 'fico controller. its inverse to be known  , the control design in conventional position controlled industrial robots can be significantly simplified if we adopt the force control law i.e. We modelled a servo motor and driver sub-system including load as a transfer function Gm  , hence we can express limited performance of load-motor-driver units. Fig.4shows the impedance control scheme. In particular  , this loop can dramatically reduce the friction felt by the operator and dramatically improve the " transparency " of a teleoperation system. We have inferred that the distribution is heavy-tailed  , namely a Pareto with parameter α ≈ 2. distribution of transfer size: Figure 1shows the complementary cumulative distribution function of the sizes of transfers from the blogosphere server. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as The time delay can be due to computational or communication delays in either a simulated environment display or teleoperated system. 2  , and the correspondent transfer function is: If the plasticity phenomena typical of polymeric materials is taken into account  , the force/elongation characteristic of the tendon is modeled as in Fig. The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. Here  , we use standard system identification techniques to develop an experimental model for the valve  , actuator  , system inertia  , and the force sensor. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. A secondorderdynamicwas foundsuperposed to the integral relation was found  , clearlyshowing the presence of an unnegligible structural deformation . We show that  , unfortunately  , there exist non-convex polygonal parts that despite asymmetry cannot be fed using inside-out pull actions. In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The complete closed-loop response of the system is governed by both the zeros and the poles of the system. No matter what kind of controller C we use in Figure 4   , the transfer function GI and the backdrivability G2 always keep the following relationship. However   , the improvement of the backdrivability has a liniitation . The previous transfer function 15 represents the CDPR dynamics and it depends on the pose X of the robot. Furthermore  , reference tracking is not a concern as it will always be zero in an active vibration cancellation approach. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. All signals within that range are amplified to near the high-end attenuation point. The low-end cut off of the transfer function is -25.7dBu 40mV and the highend attenuation point is -7.7dBu 320mV. In what follows we will ignore amplification and motor transfer function issues and assume a   ,  t  can be specified directly. , denote the plate's instantaneous acceleration   , where m   , is the plate's mass parts' masses are negligible. Thus  , by Definition 1  , the relative degree of the input-output transfer function is two  , regardless of how many modes are included. If the term J w2dm is not neglected in 13  , then j  t  = the inner and the outer loops and Qa/Tr for the proposed system  , respectively. b correspond to the Rode diagrams o f the transfer function Qa/ViVi: input voltage to the PWM amplifier for the open loop system without. The weighted inputs are summed  , and then an output Y can be obtained by mapping of transfer function f . As shown in Fig.3  , the inputs to the neuron pass through weight connections representing the synaptic strengths of the interconnections. Each grasping action corresponds to an orientation of the gripper. The object identification method here presented relies on composition and interpolation of object patterns . Transfer function data appear to have good properties in the the procedure of object identification here presented. The magnitude of A obtained from experiments is shown in Fig. Therefore  , a perfect tracking controller may cause oscillatory velocity response. The pulse transfer function under the zero order hold for a double integrator possesses a zero at -1 and is of nonminimum phase. As such  , skills do not transfer well from one environment to the next  , from one robot platform to another  , and from simulation to reality. Skill performance is a direct function of the robot mechanics  , control system  , and the local environment. The aim of the classical element and frequency response experiments is to let the shdents comprehend the concepts in control theory. 3shows the response of the inertial element circuit with the transfer function When ρ =ρ r the transfer function of vergence will become 0; in this case all types of vergence eye movements will disappear. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from If an output variable includes strain measurements along the length of the beam  , then the controller is no longer collocated . The addition of a feedforward path would not affect stabilitylO. The arm's capability to follow a moving environment with certain contact force is investigated in this section. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The transfer function of dynamic model is obtained as shown in equation 6. So the output of the fourth degree as dynamic model can be expressed as equation 5. the force response was directly superimposed upon the reference position trajectory. Note that this results in a different transfer function for Mx from that used in the previous works 2 ,9 where Mx was set to unity  , i.e. In this representation  , the computer  , its terminal equipment  , and the system program are treated as a black box. From this plan  , detailed operational specifications are prepared that precisely define the "transfer function" of the control system. Another field closely related to our work is transfer learning . Our approach belongs to this category  , and furthermore  , requires no dependence relation between loss function and features belonging to different domains. System poles are the roots of the denominator polynomial of the transfer function and zeros are the roots of the numerator polynomial. For a dynamic system  , continuous or discrete  , one can use system poles to determine its dynamic characteristics. The transfer function G2 presents the backdrivability of the torque control. This equation shows that the contact torque is affected not only by the reference torque but also by the motion of the environment. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. The system was simulated to aid understanding of the control problem  , to identify a suitable transfer function and to determine the vision system specification. A vision servo control for a robotic sewing system has been described. To simplify the problem   , we model each axis of a machine tool as a simple second-order transfer function. Then we consider the controllers  , including servo controllers and a cross-coupled controller. The cut off frequency of the LPF is much lower than the resonance frequency of the In general  , the transfer function of a multilayer piezo is represented by the second order system. In this example  , the impedance up to the saturation frequency  , w , ,  , is significantly reduced. shows an example of the impedance for the same values used in the closed loop forward transfer function in figure 4and equation 13. 17  , are shown in Fig 5. For each input-output pair  , Golubev method is applied to derive directly a rational transfer function. Typical acceptable plant inputs  , corresponding to the acceptable plant outputs generated by Eq. This can be achieved by a classical PID-controller. In order to provide a ramp following behavior without any steady-state error  , a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is necessary. A sinusoidal command was given and slowly swept through the frequency range of interest. We first analyze the possible configurations of the finger with respect to the part. It is well known that for collocated measurements  , the transfer function is passive and hence it is easy to stablilise the system 4. However  , with such collocated measurements  , the vibrations of the system are not controlled well enough. The angle of rotation of the actuator is the commonly used collocated mea- surement. They considered the position of the tip or that of an intermediate point as the noncollocated output. Similarly as in the implicit force control  , the transfer function GF2 should be strictly proper to ensure zero steady state force error and t o compensate for stationary impedance i.e. the diagonal compensator GFz in the form Passivity theory provides a powerful way to describe dynamically coupled systems by focusing on energy transfer 138. The remainder of this section will introduce passivity concepts using the storage function definition. Numerically differentiating position twice  , which is required for impedance causality  , could introduce substantial noise into the system making The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . the person in charge For promptly sending warning messages to the person in charge  , a message delivery mechanism is designed in the Watchdog component. This function is accomplished by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol SMTP. For larger excursions the output current limits at Z~IABC  , providing the overall transfer function shown in Fig. Here q is the charge on the electron and IABc is the control current. Then  , it holds from the well known ztransform of a continuous system with a zero order hold that: Let H  z  be the discrete transfer function of the VCMD. Contact events including impacts  , slips  , and other unspecified sources of noise may occur at either site. The lower part of figure 4shows a double pure integration in the transfer function for the y-coordinate. The displacement and the translation speed can be obtained from the shaft encoders. To implement this scheme we can use F F T to analyze the spectrum of both input and output during the transient period  , and calculate the transfer function N . Hence  , the transient performance can be improved. The transfer function relating the contact force to the commanded force F  , and the environment position X  , is: The block diagram of the control system is shown in Figure 5. Let the values of at the end of the lift-off and transfer forward subphases be +L It'is a function of the kinematic cycle phase variable  , +  , which is used to implement periodic gaits 1 ,4 ,10. For this design  , the global open loop transfer function of each mode is required. To complete this goal  , a controller is designed for each mode by root locus design. For a noncompliant motion Eq.5 describes a decoupled system  , which is generally not true in case of compliant motion. For the third joint of our robot the transfer function parameters are as follows: It is difficult to accurately determine the center of gravity and the moment of inertia of each leg in the tumbler system. lo  , variations in the transfer function of the controlled system should be given in advance. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. The transfer function for figure 9.a is identical to equation 2  , with the same bandwidth. We consider two cases  , depending on the actuator location -at the motor figure 9.a and at the joint figure 9.b. Finally  , the last section presents some conclusions and recom- mendations. Position Sensor Based Torque Control Method Fig.2shows a block diagram of a proposed torque control system. 8 and Xr=Tr/K  , the transfer function from Tr to Qa is given by Qs/Qi Wn2/S2+2rWnStWn2  Consequently  , the actuator's dynamics can be represented by a simple transfer function: of the external wrench w and with the choice of cts. Due to a typically high gear ratio of finger joint actuators the dynamic joint coupling is negligible. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that   , Since this is an initial investigation into scaling laws for controllers   , the theory developed here is only applicable t o frequency domain controllers. Recall from Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. To illustrate this  , the data of Sec­ tion 4.2 Fi gure 3a» was Fourier t ransformed to give the data YjOl and UjOl shown i n Figure 4 a. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment 3For environment with no internal force i.e. Hence  , each free variable is set 2 and then the function INITIALIZEGLOBALS is called. Each of the expressions passed is EVALed after invoking the data transfer protocol on its arguments. Finally  , if all the operators in Figure 4are transfer function matrices  , then the stability bound is shown by inequality 25. H is chosen such that mapping Hfl is Lp-stable  , that is a1 Hfl: Lnp-Lnp The physical parameters corresponding to this transfer function are shown in Table I. 5 and 6 it is clear that the both motor and link can be operated around the natural frequency of the While most of the previously proposed control strategies for the single flexible link required only a state space model 1 ,2 ,3  , other control strategies require a transfer function for the system. Initial studies have concentrated on the single flexible link. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. The important requirement for doing this successfully is that we include in a users ontology all concepts  , which influence her ranking function. Different authority transfer weights express different preferences of the user  , translating into personalized ranking. It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Our goal is to obtain a precise position controller with high bandwidth shown in Fig. Let P s be the transfer function from the input force U to the output position L . Whenever an external force is applied to the hand controller  , the end-point of the hand controller will move in response. S is called the sensitivity transfer function  , and it maps the external forces to the hand controller position. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = A large admittance corresponds to a rapid motion induced by a p plied forces; while a small admittance represents a slow reaction to contact forces. The frequency response and the fittef model obtained for this system is shown in The open loop transfer function is obtained through random testing with a Hewlett-Packard dynamic si nal analyzer. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; Typically  , each axis will have its own servo controller to allow it to track reference inputs. The summary graph of Experiment 1 Figure 6 shows that as stifmess of virtual walls increases  , performance of the size identification task improves. The transfer function for the simplified continuous time system is represented as We now show that the transfer function resulting from our suggested output has all its zeros and poles alternatingly on the jw-axis. Practical compensators can seldom succeed in such cases. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re x coordinate  , is modified based on the estimated gradient. In the case of a manipulator control  , this term have not been seriously considered since the relative speed between a robot and an environment is small. In this section  , we address the control problem of active vibration canceling of CDPR with light and flexible wires in the modal space. Since it is desired that none of the joints overshoot the commanded position or the response be critically damped  , In the absence of any feedforward terms  , the response is governed by the poles of the transfer function. The necessary conditions for stability of vergence eye movements are obtained from 4are positive  , the poles of the conjugate eye movement transfer function are always negative  , and the conjugate eye movement is always stable. We require that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. This is represented using the time function T : Σ → R ≥ that assigns the duration T σ to each action σ ∈ Σ. The acceleration method ensures no error in the stiffness and damping terms  , but generates a fourth order transfer function which can be unstable. In all the simulation tests  , the parameters of the system are given by: I , To do so  , a spectrum analyzer is used to measure the transfer function of the amplifier driving one motor of a stationary forcer floating on the platen. The amplifiers introduce an output delay which is slightly more complicated to measure. This idea that combines attractively with the observer-based SPR design used here. All these approaches represent derivation of a loop-transfer function with SPR properties for a control object without SPR properties by means of dynamic extensions or observers. Thus  , the signal uzpet and the repetitive control input urep are stored in memory and used after one period M . From the physical parameters as shown in Table 1When we design the stabilizing compensator based on Eq. St ,ep 2: Assuming +at8 the transfer function ofcontrolled system P  s  = Tt'PV  , det ,ermine I<s  , which minimizes masimum model error rmur. One test done in surface following is to see how the contact force error changes when the environment has a sinusoidal motion. The CAMBrowser downloads and executes applications written in Simkin  , an XML-based scripting language including support for function calls  , control flow  , arithmetic and basic datatypes 38. Data transfer can happen either immediately  , or later when the phone has a connection. Then  , we express the transfer operation as a combination of remove and insert: Since W CC is a state function  , all paths from P to P ′ have the same differential. Its main function is to transfer users demands to the concerned pool and the informations possibly returned to users from the pool. So  , the GRES service is an interface between users and pools. where  , controller  , and neglecting small higher order terms  , the total transfer function can be represented as the secmd order system. This force is converted to joint level torque through link mechanism. We use a third order model of a Hydro-Elastic Actuator to investigate the closed loop forward transfer function and the impedance of the system. Further testing will also be done to experimentally verify impedance and saturation. In the latter case  , 10 becomes a scalar quantity and the stability can be studied using conventional methods. 4 where Fc is Coulomb friction force  , while sPs denotes the position control sensitivity transfer function. 13  , we can from the above equation estimate the time period needed to reach the critical point C Fig. The function @ ,x is the mode shape of the i-th mode and qit is the generalized coordinate of the system. This idea can be understood in terms of a binary scaling function. In Section 2  , we introduced map scaling as seamless transfer of information in maps from one level of detail to another. Figure 8is a block diagram of the direct controller when it is applied to an n=2  , m=l  , d=l plant. Therefore  , the proposed method is not just a specific controller design approach for a specific performance requirement. The controller is an 11th order transfer function  , which can not be found by PID control. Figure 4shows the theoretical and experimental values for the bode plot of G ,. Although equation 3 represents a transfer function for the extender position  , the extender is still under velocity control. But  , this can only be done experimentally. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: Figure Sillustratcs the Bode diagrams related to the identifi ed systems for the cases of idling condition and when the three different skin samples are grasped. This may be achieved by canceling the poles and zeros of the closed-loop system. When a desired trajectory is given  , the transfer function between the trajectory input and the actual plant output should be unity for perfect tracking. On the other hand this double integrator is necessary for ramp following behavior with a steady state error to become zero. The problem with a double integrator in the open-loop transfer function is the inherent tendency to become unstable. The position method has the important advantage of yielding a second order closed-loop transfer function and is thus always stable in the continuous-time case if the coefficients are positive. in  In the dye transfer experiments  , the membraneimpermeable HPTS dye mixing with Dextran-Rhodamine red dye was injected into a cell. where vf is the end-effector velocity and F is the contact force  , both at the point of interaction. Based on the above discussions   , the force compensator transfer-function K  s = This case occurs when both slave arm located at remote site and simulated model interact with environment . Due to system uncertainties  , the system stability and performance  , determined based on the loop transfer function given in 16  , is affected by Therefore  , the frequency Characteristics are compensated with the inverse transfer function of it  121. It is difficult to use the charge amplifier for a longer time than its time constant. Calibration data was obtained by scanning the MAST sensor across the tube bundle to obtain data for both the y and z axes. The corresponding transfer function for the plant is In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: The circuit was built using Rand C values designed to make 't= 1 . To assure stability  , the stabilizing compensator must be chosen in such a way that: Here  , Gz is the closed-loop transfer function of the servo  , C  z  is the stabilizing compensator and M is the repetitive controller's delay. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function This is a somewhat contrived example as it has been built to stress issues due to real parametric uncertainties. Using volume visualization techniques  , 2–dimensional projections on different planes can then be displayed. For this purpose  , first  , a transfer function maps from possible voxel values to RGBA space  , defined by colors and opacity red  , green  , blue  , alpha. Furthermore  , it creates and initializes the pools. This plan must be prepared jointly by the computer systems engineers and the eventual user of the system. By v a r y i n g t h e frequency of the rotation of the mass  , one can vary the frequency of the imposed force on the end-effector. The resulting model is quite precise and was experimentally verified 2. The identified dynamics of the valve  , the Auid  , and the force sensor are given by a 10th order transfer function with two delays. A substantial overshoot can be remarked at about 10 rad/s. Figure 3presents a bode plot which corresponds to the transfer function between Master and Slave velocities  , when the Slave manipulator is kept free along the unconstrained direction. When the wheel is moved from the desired position  , the control torque sent to the wheel attempts to drive the angular position back to zero. The closed loop transfer function governing the system's response in the NS mode is: The controller design is carried out with the aid of the root-locus method. In this case simpler controller for velocity tracking can he desioned. This approach then avoids the problem of h a v i n g a transfer function zero near the u n i t c i r c l e . We found that electrons are transferred from outer tube to the inner tube with charge transfer density of 0.002 e/Å. Using Density Function Theory DFT we calculated the charge redistribution along double walled nanotube 22 23. The same table li\ts the values of several parameters. In Fig.2  , the narrowband transfer function of the upper and lower codes are plotted; these codes are obtained from the seed signal whose parameters are listed in Tah.1. The audio signal is conditioned using a noise gating preamplifier with a variable compression amplification feature. The behavior controllers are feedforward controllers which output the original trajectories expressed by the cubic spline function shown in Fig. 7shows the transfer of center of gravity of Brachiator111 calculated from each measuring point. Let us first write the transfer function of the system dynamics for motor position θ as input and link position q as output. The parameters of the flexible-joint arm given in 1 have to be estimated as well. Therefore  , it may be true that within low frequency range  , for example until the natural frequency  , the estimated force can become a good approximate value. Once the SFL system has been nondimensionalized  , a nondimensional controller can be designed to meet the nondimensional performance specifications. Let C  0  denote the transfer function of a nondimensional controller   , such that  , This board has DMA function that transfer data at once 128~11 x l6bit ,s Table 1shows specifications of the board. We developed high speed 128ch simultaneous AD boardFig.5. Such a technique can be extended to more complex situations with larger number of unknown parameters and system states. In addition  , complete identification of the system transfer function is not needed; it suffices to estimate the varying parameters. This is the property we desire in order to make the actuator very insensitive to position inputs. Ideally the impedance should be as low as possible. We show that we can calculate the transfer function using the max-plus approach  , which seems to be more useful for large systems. The developed ER damper is attached to the arm joint. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Where Qd is the continuously differentiable bounded desired trajectory and Fs is any relative order one  , strictly proper exponentially stable transfer function. Trajectory tracking immediately follows from the properties of Fs23: Simulation results are plotted in Figures 7-11. The transfer function of the system is then: ;   , = 10  , y : ;   , = 20 and YE;  , = 100 the resulting optimal T* is equal to 0.917s. The transfer function provides a mapping from an initial orientation of the part to a final orientation of the part for each grasping action. There are two important functions involved in deriving the grasping plans for a given part. Thus  , accurate current-based output models are difficult to develop  , and more importantly  , to invert for torque control schema. Furthermore  , induction of the magnetic circuit results in a first order transfer function that governs the behavior of the output torque. The transfer function of the LRC circuit and the resonance frequency fhyd of it is expressed by Besides the computed hydraulic resistance of the channel  , the sensor also consists of hydraulic capacities Chyd and hydraulic inertance Lhyd. The role of the current work is to lay the groundwork for the development of an efficient  , controllable swimming robot. The planner generates this path by performing a bestfirst search of the connected component using a simple distance function. However  , by construction  , these configurations are contained in the same connected component and can be joined by a transfer path. To overcome these modeling difficulties  , we performed system identification on the manipulator to determine an accurate transfer function for free and constrained motions. This makes the flexible beam equations very difficult to solve and simplifications must be made. The full-order observer is designed so as not to significantly alter the dynamics of the closed-loop system. Parameters fand k are selected so as to yield an inner loop with the same dynamics as transfer function G ,s. In a real teleoperation system it would also had in series the dynamic of the slave arm. Thus the complexity in the control design due t o the non-minimum phase dynamics typical of flexible structures is eliminated. Since the first and the second mode are in-phase mode shaped  , the phase lag at the first and the second resonance are less than -180 deg. The transfer function with impedance casuality: importance of admittance causality is clear when considering virtual environments such as rigid body simulations . Velocity will be computed using backwards difference differentiation. It has been shown that the resulting transfer function does not suffer from open RHP zeros. We have suggested the virtual angle of rotation as an alternative noncollocated output for the control of a SFL. The zero dynamics arising from the suggested measurement were shown to be stable. One simple classical compensation method is to create a dominant pole in the loop transfer function Roberge  , 1975. in open loop mode  , the response should be very underdamped since k~ may be high for a stiff environment. The experiments were run under similar conditions of load  , speed and temperature  , of a single ultrasonic motor. The difficulty in any controller design is proper modeling of the plant to be controlled. A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A detailed discussion can be found in If the load is negligible the actuator dynamics transfer function becomes A brief discussion on EH servo system operation modeling is iven. The Regular Input/Output Decoupling Problem DP is solved  , z.e. , the close loop transfer function is &ago- nal. Also  , the Robust Stability Problem RSP is solved ZO  , z.e. , close loop stability is  ,-ranteed in high frequencies when uncertainties are present. The example below is an excerpt from 27 which has been modified to yield an unstable nominal system. The uncertain plant is described as the second-order transfer function Reference 22 proposed the controller synthesis approach to guarantee the closed-loop transfer function is strictly positive. The objective of passive control is to design controllers such that the closed-loop system is stable and passive. Thus  , increasing n increases the importance of achieving good transfer efficiency. Thus  , if the cost function for uniform deposition variation in film thickness or The parameter K acts as a weight for indicating the relative importance of total film accumulation in the cost function. The control system in Figure 6was used to induce step inputs and measure the robot joint's dynamic response at each temperature state. For current control  , the servo transfer function of output angle as a function of input current is taken from eq 1 as To handle our real k-gram vectors  , we first transfer each real-valued weight to a binary vector as suggested by Gionis et al. For the Jaccard function  , the LSH scheme that we use is the min-hash 12  , 8  function  , which are designed originally for binary vectors. This output has maxiniuni relative degree equal to the state space We sliow this using tlie niodel 11-12. In fact  , in view of Property 4  , we caii always desigii an output function y such that tlie associated transfer function lias no zeros i.e. , the systeni has no zero dynaniics. The observed signals are divided in time into overlapping frames by the application of a window function and analyzed using the short-time Fourier transform STFT. where x m t  , a m t  , n m t are the input signal  , acoustic transfer function of the desired source  , and noise signal with respect to m-th microphone  , respectively. There is some positive transfer between the initial learning and performance with the new reward function: the initial cost is lower and the ultimate performance is slightly better with pretraining. The dotted line shows the average of 50 learning curves where no pretraining on the original reward function had occurred. Several simplified systems were used to study the effect of hysteresis  , for example  , a constant force was subtracted to account for the effect of damping and friction but the best results as far as matching the experimental data were given by the transfer function: Hysteresis: Similar to friction and damping  , a simplified model of the hysteresis was used and the describing function computed. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: As there is an intersection of the plot with the negative real axis  , the method of the describing function predicts the oscillation. In order to obtain a generic model  , the fiizzy relationships can be defined  , and the output can be writ ,ten as a generic sigmoid function f= I+e-Lz+B  , where Q determines the degree of fuzziness  , arid  ,8 deterniines the threshoid level. In Figure 1  , we compare these two quantities when γ/μ = 2 as a function of the total observation time T . Our solution was to extend PAISLey informally. One of the importance functions we consider in this paper is a decaying function  , where queries earlier in a user's context are considered less important than more recent queries. method is specific to recommendations using random walks  , we can transfer their exponential decay function to our model as follows: While coupled  , or MIMO  , controllers have an inherently greater potential for being able to uncouple a coupled system they have several potential disadvantages  , including computational complexity and they do not lend themselves to modularity. They show that the transfer function parameters vary smoothly in the work space as a function of the joint positions  , velocities  , and accelerations. As a reminder  , the neural net output function for the ith sample is described using the transfer function of each node in the jth layer of the nodes  , g j   , and the weights w ji kn on the connections between the nodes in different layers with the corresponding offsets b ji kn . 2 use a two-layer net with a single output node. Consider the pie-shaped part Fig.3 whose initial orientation is unknown. However parts with circular edges can produce ramps in the transfer function such that there is no upper bound on plan length as a function of n. In A parts feeding plan is a sequence of open loop squeezing actions specified by the orientation of the gripper. All of the subsystem commands developed for the generic MI were implemented with C++ functions and all data transfer and data conversions are handled by Orbix. With a few exceptions  , each API function has a one-to-one correspondence to an Orbix interface function. Every block traveled adds one unit to the cost function  , and each transfer contributes four units but takes a negligible time to execute. Soft time windows are used  , and K late = 50  , meaning every minute a delivery is late adds 50 units to the cost function. The constant time function 0 indeed models that the transfer of commodities from the virtual source node to each node in V is instantaneous. The partial transition function δ 0 is defined as follows: δ 0 q 0   , σ = q 0 for any σ ∈ Σ 0   , and undefined otherwise. If the transfer function is represented in the frequency domain as the closed-loop transfer funcl ion  , Hs  , from the exogenous inputs to the regulated outputs  , is obtained as: If the system performance can be represented by functions in terms of Hs  , multiple specific ,ltions for the system are formulated in a uniform format. Z is the regulated outputs which are controlled or regulated. Also  , these well-known specifications such as overshoot  , peak time  , and tracking error  , etc. , are proven to have convex properties SI. Two types of transfer are possible:  from one traditional function to another  , for example  , the number of employees working in distribution will be potentially increased by incoming personnel from the sales department;  from traditional work functions to new ones  , for example to positions related to the management and operation of the electronic environment e.g. There is the possibility that many enterprises will require existing personnel to transfer to different work functions in order to capitalize on their enterprise-specific experience. Responsible digital curation is much more than preservation of bits. For example  , many of the activities that the Reference Model for an Open Archival Information System OAIS 1 places within the Ingest function can be important and valuable to carry out  , not only during transfer to an archives  , but also during system design  , creation  , active use  , within the preservation environment  , during transfer to a secondary use environment and within the secondary use environment. In particular  , Vidyasagar presented a transfer function of the flexible heam based on the Euler-Bernoulli model that has the nice property to be passive  To evaluate the performance of different architectures including the behavior of the operator  , it is common to use a group of people working on a certain task 2224. Transfer functions for this type of system were then studied and other improvements introduced. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. It was also shown in 7 that for any given values of hub inertia atnd beam inertia  , a passive transfer function can be obtained by using a properly weighted reflection of the tip position as the output. Later  , Pota and Vidyasagar 7 used an assumed modes approach to show that such an output would result in a passive  , and hence  , a minimum phase transfer function provided that the hub inertia is very large or very small in the special case of a uniform beam compared to the beam inertia. The meaning of the data-transfer cost-function C T t  , g 1   , g 2  is relative to the current execution site: when g 1 is the current execution site and g 2 is a remote execution site  , the function result represents the cost of sending the parameter data from the current site remotely; conversely when g 1 is a remote execution site and g 2 is the current execution site the function result represents the cost for the current execution site to receive the parameters data. The data-transfer cost function reports costs only when one of the two execution sites involved in the link is the current site and the other site involved in the link is a remote site. The t's necessary to generate a parser's time-formula may be chosen interactively using a variant of Kirchhoff's law 9 which is applicable to grammar rules. Instead  , these formulas express the execution time not only as a function of the time to perform elementary operations e.g. , push  , pop  , transfer  , tests  , but also as a function of nt~ the number of times a terminal t appears in an input string to be parsed. Once the frequency responses of the impedance felt by the operator and the stiffness of the environment had been determined  , the magnitude of the frequency response of the transparency transfer function was calculated by taking the ratio of the magnitude of the impedance felt by the operator to the magnitude of the environment stiffness at each particular frequency using the equation: This approach to frequency-based stiffness identification was implemented through the Spectrum function in MATLAB The Mathworks  , Inc. Logging occurs by means of the LOG function line 8  , where the first argument is the new error encountered  , which is linked to the second argument  , that represents the previous error value. Different mechanisms exist  , of which ASML uses the explicit control-flow transfer variant: if a root error is encountered  , the error variable is assigned a constant see lines 6 − 9  , the function logs the error  , stops executing its normal behaviour  , and notifies its caller of the error. Here the upper indices index the node layer  , and the lower indices index the nodes within each corresponding layer. This reward function gives relatively more priority to reducing the distance to the goal than to reducing the size of the command  , and the robot will apply larger torques to reduce the distance to the goal more quickly. The first two rules generate the predicate concepts corresponding to preconditions prec from a SPM  , where the function gc : T → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given term and the function gcc : PR CC → CONC is used to generate the concept corresponding to a given precondition predicate: The developed rules use the ← r operator to denote set reunion and the ← a operator to denote a value transfer. In the Item Constraint   , a similarity function is needed to measure the similarity of two items. The definition of EMI will help identify the case that resellers change the content of listings as well as the resale activities coming through account transfer. Control then passes to the host partition with the message: FunctionCall INITIALIZEGLOBALS NIL. The remote procedure call function simply transfers control to the other partition through the control protocol  , which causes the free variables to be sent before the actual control transfer occurs. Secondly  , when each design team turned to the problem of realizing their switching or transfer function or state table  , there would be many more analytical techniques at their disposal. Of course once one began to put the system together some interblock dependences generally called loading  , would occur  , but many fewer then in a software design of equivalent scale. The advantage of the proposed technique is that the controller dynamics are not computed in terms of the system parameters as is the case with self-tuning regulators . We point out some design constraints on the configuration of the coils and the permanent magnets  , and discuss briefly calibration and accuracy of the motor. First  , the compensating signal which counterbalances the influence of friction force and parameter change is generated using an idea of disturbance observer . In the frequency range where 1 -QZP1  , = 0  , the influence of F ,/A vanishes and the transfer function between P , ,f and s X is described as The elbow joint is analyzed exclusively in the following discussion because it was representative of the procedure used for all of the Schilling Titan I1 joints and it exhibited the most severe control challenges. make the response of the motor position much faster than the response of the tip position control loop outer loop in Figure 1. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by described in the previous section and closing the outer loop by a PID controller Es  , the following transfer function can be derived: 2 Beyond the torque capacity of 150mN m  , the hybrid actuation is associated with saturation in position control bandwidth at a certain frequency due to the time constant of joint and muscle dynamics. Although the main intended application of the apparatus is for in vivo experiments in physiology and for microsurgery  , in this phase we elected not to make tests with animals for ethical reasons. In idling conditions  , the following experimental transfer function was obtained: In the line of thought of this paper  , we would like to determine a discrete subset of configurations  , and a basic action which defines a transfer function for the subset of configurations. If we extend inside-out pulling to inside-out grasping  , we have to take into account one extra degree of freedom of the device: the width of the gripper. The strain gage output data were sampled at 20 kHz digitally using an IBM PC/XT with a METRABYTE Dash-16 data acquisition hardware. To verify the transfer function of the link in time domain  , a step input of 75 volts was applied to the actuator. Since the controller gives a new degree of freedom to modify the transfer functions GI and G2 independently  , this is called a two degrees of freedom 2DOF controller. 0 E-Mail when detecting abnormal power consumption of an appliance  , the Watchdog component may need to send the person in charge an e-mail that contains messages about the appliance information  , power-consumption status  , working current  , occurrence time  , etc. The likely cause for this disagreement is due to the inaccurate modeling of the human arm dynamics  , E  , and the human sensitivity transfer function  , sh. Since the extender usually consists of both constrained and unconstrained maneuvers  , inequality 43 of the unconstrained system. Note that the amplifier dynamics can be reasonably modeled by a constant delay time as long as the lowest frequency poles and zeros are above the driving frequencies of interest. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The model is geometrically scalable and represented in a form of infinitedimensional transfer function relating the bending displacement wz  , s of IPMC beam to the voltage input V s. Chen and Tan recently derived a control-oriented yet physics-based model for IPMC actuators 14. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . The paper comprises three major sections  , each dealing with one of the dynamic effects mentioned above. For a high performance system with an end-effector mounted camera  , mechanical vibration in the structure will be part of the overall closed-loop transfer function. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. We will now incorporate the mechanical dynamics into the model to determine their effect on closed-loop performance. The effects of the environmental changes combine to produce a transfer function for the overall system which is constantly varying depending on the task being performed. For example  , environmental changes might include: the variation in inclination of the axis with respect to gravity; varying reflected inertia as a result of payload changes; externally applied forces; etc. , etc. At last Spliced fiber is reinforced by the reinforcing membersFig.8 and it is brought out. The transfer hands have a function to be able to give a tensile force to the fiber  , thereby ensuring the fiber is straight and not break at all. As shown in fig.8  , the method of the force controller design based on the frequency characteristics using the impedance parameters is effective for the suppression of the disturbance. Fig.7shows the transfer function Gdi ,t  , and fig.8shows the simulation result. An integral control term also serves to eliminate the presence of an algebraic loop in the closed-loop transfer function. As will be discussed in III. D  , this allows us to limit the bandwidth of our controller to be below the natural frequencies of the catheter itself. In contrast  , the positional error of the developed micro transfer arm is represented in a simple form as a function of only arm length. was defined at joint A as shown in In general  , a quantitative evaluation of the positional error in the entire workspace of a multi-articulated manipulator is rather difficult due to the complicated kinematic formulae. is the projector to screen intensity transfer function  , A is the ambient light contribution which is assumed to be time invariant  , When occluders obstruct the paths of the light rays from some of the projectors to the screen  , 2  , diminishes and shadows occur. where Ijt is the corresponding source pixel intensity set in projector j at time t  , Sj . Some drawbacks of the identification of single flexible link manipulators using ARMA type models have been previously reported 4  , 51. For the 5-bar linkage robot with only horizontal vibrations  , described in 27   , it has been shown that  , assuming no damping  , the transfer function from the base motor torque to reflected output is passive27. Thus  , by the Passivity theorem  , a P D controller can provide very good vibration control. We selected a 3rd- order Go so that the output of the controller is continuous. In order for the controller to be proper the order of the denominator of the transfer function is larger than that of the numerator  , the order of GD must be larger than 2. The meet-over-all-valid-paths solution MVP n for a CFG node n describes the variable values immediately before the execution of n. This solution is defined as A digitized mono audio stream can be convoluted with an artificial HRTF to create a stereo audio stream that reproduces the timing  , frequency and spectral effects of a genuine spatial sound source. The effects described above  , and many more  , can be modeled by a Head-Related Transfer Function HRTF 15. Variable δ ctxt is the context of review r as defined for polarity  , and we use the same transfer function from Equation 5 to connect δ ctxt to the rank-based measures of global and local context. For each position p  , we model the " normal " amount of attention a review at this rank gets using the parameter zp. components  , the BASL specification for each selected AI is retrieved from the abstraction library and compiled into a Java class that implements the AI's abstraction function and abstract operations. Abstraction selections conflict when two abstract values appear as operands in an expression and there is no meaningful way to transfer information between those values. A single cost function has to be found that combines the costs of dgebraic operations and the transfer of data between subsequent operations in a unique fashion. Therefore  , a combined optimizer must consider re6rercer of algebraic expressions that are dependent from each other. For perfect transparency  , the transmitted impedance should be the same as the environment impedance. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function Gt = CIC2 and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Figure 6shows the Nyquist plot of the three different rotary joint plant models representing the nominal plant described by the transfer function of Eq. which can be modified to account for major temperature variations by changing the numerator by plus and minus 20%. There is a great subclass of timed Petri nets  , called timed event graphs  , which can be formalised in the max algebra in the form of the state equation. The servo control was implemented by integrating a high speed low resolution vision system with the cell controller  , and it was applied simultaneously with a tension servo control. The experimental setup included all components of the control system because we wanted to find the transfer function of the entire control system. The same setup was used to find the open and closed loop frequency response of the motor mounted on a test-stand and for the Xaxis of the Precision Assembly Robot.   , the discrete transfer function of the simplified controller can be written as  on the horizontal air table with minimal friction. If the motor dynamics are cancelled  , then An outer loo to control the tip position was also closed in 5 ,9 however  , since we want to drive the a.rm in an open loop manner  , this loop is not closed in this paper. For any basic action for inside-out grasping  , we woiild like to show that the corresponding transfer function is monotonic. Similar to squeezing with a parallel jaw gripper  , the first step in analyzing this basic action could be to consider the degenerate case in which both fingers of the gripper touch the part simultaneously   , and there is no pull phase. This way we can assume that the whole robot structure has the equivalent transfer function 9 for every given position an for each motor at a time. Second  , the mechanism actuates orthogonally over the tip load so that actuators never work in opposition with one another in the way that is usual in conventional robots. As the system under consideration is a distributed parameter system  , a lineax finite-dimensional model obtained by modal truncation procedures has been used in 3 and by most other researchers. The control design problem is to find a rational transfer function G ,s that meets the requirement 7 and guarantees asymptotic and contact stability. Since the resulting impedance of such a system is lower than the minimal constituent impedance  , the role of the control block G  , becomes clear  , and it is the reduction of the high contact impedance of a position controlled robotic system. The 2-inertia system in F i g 5 can be expressed with an equivalent block diagram in Fig.6: Transfer function description of Fig.5where Figure 5shows a block diagram of a one-link robot arm which consists of a moter  , an arm and an ER damper. This conclusion is consistent with the phase-plane charts  , that revealed low frequency drifts  , while Finally  , we analise the influence of the excitation upon the fractional order transfer function. In conclusion  , these results are coherent with the previous experiments but a deeper understanding of the relations between the chaos and fractional-order dynamics must still be further explored. We express the characteristic of safety strategies for minimizing the impact force by using a block chart  , which is popular in the control field. The motivations of demote operation is as follows: making those queries that the evaluation function classifies as future cache hits stay in the cache longer. Demote operation: it is used to transfer evicted query results pages from the controlled cache to the uncontrolled cache rather than out of the query results cache directly. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. Simulated responses of the experimental setup to 20 N disturbance force stcp are shown in Fig. This leads to the assumption of a constant transfer function for H at low frequencies where contact forces are small for all values of hand controller position. On the other hand  , at low frequencies in particular at DC  , since the operator can follow the hand controller motion comfortably  , he can always establish almost constant contact forces between his hand and the hand controller. On the other hand  , as 5 increases  , U also greatly increases because the subject needs large force to control the robot. In order to transfer the knowledge smoor;hly  , the state spaces in both the previous and current stages should be consistent with each other. The action value function in the previous fitage works as a priori knowledge so as to accelerate the learning. Atkeson and Schaal 11 describe work in which a reward function and a model for a task are learned by observing a human demonstratc thc task. Learning by demonstration LBD involves the transfer of skill knowledge from a human or robot demonstrating a task solution and an observing agent. The control law that implements the deiired impedance of the master arm can be obtained by solving for the acceleration in and substituting it into the master arm dynamics. In this sense  , we can represent the transfer function of the block force  , the internal force due to the interaction with the human arm  , the desired master arm inertia  , and the damping parameters respectively. The problem with this implementation is that it generates a steady state . In order to test the effectiveness of the impedance controller with a single d.0.f. A closer look at the transfer function T shows that it has two zeroes at FO  , and can be well approximated b\s the following expression: However  , due to the presence of random noise in the measurement  , the result of the transfer function was not exactly the same for each task. The transient performance has been dramatically improved as indicated in the error power spectrum as well as the error plot in the time domain. Note that the sign of effort and flow variables has been chosen such that the effort is forcing the flow inside the system . H I Z is the transfer function between velocity at motor d  , and velocity at the end-effector V when the motor is free T  , = 0. The reflected output is the rigid joint position minus the elastic deflection of the tip of the flexible link32. Other types of kinematic correspondence between the master and slave can be realized by setting the proper transfer function G. A perfect rate control of a teleoperator system It is clear that transparent position control can be achieved by using where k is a scale factor. Manipulator vibration due to structural and drive compliance8 has also been largely ignored in the literature on visual servoing. Results for this example system have sliowii that  , practically speaking  , a n y class of desired hacking trajectory t.hat. Therefore  , the positional error can be clearly evaluated wherever the end of the arm is located in the workspace. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The mutual exclusion relation is simply the diagonal set of Σ 0 × Σ 0   , meaning that different events in Σ 0 could fire simultaneously. The manufacturing system considered in this paper consists of two cells linked together by a material system composed of two buffers A and B and a conveyor. An example of aplying the equivalent transfer function for minimizing the size of a SPN a Where: The interaural transfer function ITF ˆ I is defined by the ratio between the left-and right-HRTF: The HRTFs are mainly determined by the shape of the head  , pinna and torso of the listener  , e.g  , the robot-mounted dummy-head in our case. Exception raising is the notification of an exception occurrence. In this case  , the error is the difference between the setpoint and the measured value and the control signal is the dimmer value in the next time interval. where Cz is the transfer function from the error to the control signal. Equation 14 shows that the plant transfer function is a fourth order system with an integral term. Second  , the input to make chamber A fully filling  , xaf  , is 0.4  , and the input to make chamber B fully filling  , xbf  , is -0. Given projection sets  , we present a simple 01 time test that would classify an orientation as being a local maxima  , local minima  , or end point of a constant diameter region. At frequencies greater than 4 mHz the transfer function phase is close to 180 degrees  , thus making the shaping state estimate out of phase with the input observation. It can be seen that above 0.15 mHz GPS information is transferred from position to the shaping state. It is interesting to observe the robustness of the system to errors in estimated sensor noise variance. Tables 3 and 4 present the achieved results for transfer and copy CPs by running our method using the local ranking function. To analyze the results comparing the proposed rankings  , we retain the maximum value of the similarity threshold  , i.e. , τ = 0.85  , that optimizes the performance of the GR denoted as baseline MAX . sign that we chose to undertake when the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. In this approach  , the actual contact forces shall be available via force sensors and assigned to be the desired vector Z  , such that the objective function as shown in Eq. To validate our modeling efforts  , the magnitude of the transfer function from the torque wheel voltage input to the accelerometer voltage output   , with the hub PD loop active  , is shown in Fig. Having attained a very accurate kinematic parameters  , the analytical and experimental models matched very well. The motion of the hand controller end-point in response to imposed forces f is caused by either structural compliance in the hand controller or by the compliance of the positioning controller. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. The model transfer function SM mapping from V m to ufl so as to shape the environment compliance reflected to the local site is chosen as follows: Thus where 2 1   , =  Kum  Since no distinction has been made between free motion and constrained motion  , the controller Ku has designed so as to track vs to w  , in advance. In this paper a set of operator models .was generated. Table 1shows the experimentally determined transfer function for the elbow joint of the left Titan I1 slave manipulator. These problems have led to the search for alternative noncollocated measurements. The block diagram of this control system is illustrated in Figure 6. 3 taking its Laplace Transform as follows: 4 we can express the angular position of the motor shaft related with the aneular disulacement of the rollers: that is  , afterwards  , the transfer function of the scrollic gripper relating the applied voltage to the angular displacement of the rollers. The fulfillment of the second objective allows us to substitute the inner loop by an equivalent block whose transfer function is approximately equal to one  , i.e. , the error in motor position is small and is quickly removed. After compensating for the friction and coupling torque  , the transfer function between the angle of the motor and the current is given by This is done by adding  , to the control current  , the current equivalent to these torques and is given by where C is the stiffness of the arm. In the heat exchanger assembly  , the z axis of robot motion is independently controlled with a constant velocity command  , which causes no instability  , while the x axis is controlled by position controller where the reference input  , i.e. To examine the last condition of the Popov stability criterion the frequency characteristics of the above transfer function is plotted on the complex plane of Re Heat transfer and temperature distributions during welding are complex and a solution to the equations is dependent on the thermal conductivity  , specific heat and density of the mass as a function of temperature. The heating effect  , called the heat content is defined as: 7should be inserted as closely as possible to the desired point of force measurement. The system is governed by a second-order differential equation and has the transfer function log W/Wn When a force sensor is inserted at the wrist of a robot Fig. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. Computing a spatial path that achieves these objectives analytically demands the knowledge of a deposition rate function that provides a relationship between the spatial location of the applicator with the spray gun and film accumulation on the surface. Thus  , a framework for achieving the twofold objectives of uniform deposition and good transfer efficiency is provided. The electrothermal actuators used in the AFAM can be represented by a first order transfer function 13 with a typical thermal bandwidth of 50Hz. In fact  , the motion resolution of the AFAM is expected to be below 10nm  , which corresponds to the reported resolution of thermal MEMS devices. Therefore  , the only parameter to%e estimated and used as input t ,o the fuzzy controller was the fundamental frequency of the beam. It is possible t o parametrize all the compensators that stabilize the plant P using the following theorem. The transfer function from u=ul u2 t t o e=el e21t is By definition  , the compensator C stabilizes the plant P if Il+PC 1#0 and all the elements of H  P   , G  are stable. The %bust Perfornlance Problem RPP 20 is solved  , c.e. , the disturbance attenuation in low frequencies   , from the input reference to the output is tackled. However  , it is at the cost of the system stability robustness with respect to the ununiform plant model perturbation in high frequency subhands. Tlus is &re powerful than the single rate control scheme in manipulating t.be system loop transfer function for achieving some performance specification. Most proposed teleoperation modeling works adopt the term F * e to represent the environment internal force as shown in Fig. F * e = 0  , the interaction impedance is the transfer function between its reaction force and the external motion that this environment The control of a flexible link based on its passive transfer function is just like the control of a rigid link even though the sensor and the actuator are located at different positions along the link. Simulation results indicate that the new selected outputs can guarantee the passivity of the flexible link. A summary of the hydrodynamic models developed by von K a r m h and Sears  , and Lighthill has been presented and has been applied to the investigation of elastic energy storage in a harmonically oscillating foil in a free stream. The transfer function of the control system developed from the Eitelberg's method shown in Fig. The PI controller then generates the control signal Us to control the output response Cs referred to the reference input Rs  , and to regulate the disturbance. Unfortunately  , to use Popov's stability theory  , one must construct a strict positive real system transfer function matrix  , but this is a very tedious work. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. Hydraulic position control loop design shown in Figure 4. fitted two human gait motion law   , according to structural dimensions of the knee joint bones to calculate the hydraulic cylinder piston rod desired position Yexp. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: It was especially mentioned that robots  , which are indistinguishable from humans  , might cause problems due to a transfer of emotions towards them. " If it has a function then it should fulfill it the best way possible and I do not think that humanlike appearance is feasible for all aims. " Furthermore  , the XSLT function library  , which is part of SCX  , allows for convenient navigation of the relationships between schema component  , for example traversal of the type hierarchy. Had the transformation to be carried out on the XML transfer syntax  , many of those component properties would need to be collected cumbersomely. Unless specified otherwise  , for illustration purposes  , in each of the experiments  , the actual query load is a batch of b = 20 queries web session identification. The function returns a data set composed of multiple separate tuples for each identified web session one tuple per session containing additional aggregate statistics e.g. , average inter-click delay  , data-transfer sizes. To tackle this issue  , we resort to a technique called surrogate modeling or optimization transfer  , which approximates the original objective using a majorization/minorization function that is analytically or numerically efficient to compute. Solving this exactly is only possible for very small test collections. The block diagram and associated documents would contain various "summary" design specifications such as transfer functions  , switching functions   , state tables  , apportioned sybsystem reliability goals  , etc. Paths through the block diagram would constitute operation of the entire system  , operation in a particular mode  , or operation of a major function. Therefore  , if the revolution of one roller is reduced some obstacle or problem  , the revolution of one of the other rollers is increased by the function of the differential gear  , and we can correctly transfer the motor power to the endoscope. l  , the revolution of the motor is always equal to the total revolution of the shaft tips. Using the developed scaling laws 12  , the controller transfer function 11s scaled and applied to both of the dimensional SFL systems described at the beginning of the section. Now that a nondimensional controller has been designed   , it remains to be seen how this controller will perform in the dimensional domain on actual SFL manipulators . In a recent paper a virtual angle of rotation is suggested as an alternative output 6  and it is shown that the zerodynamics of the system arising from this output is stable. This paper is focused on estimating the joint stiffness which is the major source of flexibility in many applications . However  , most of the investigations do not underline the difficulty to estimate the physical parameters of the system using the identified state space or transfer function model. So  , we can rewrite eq. Hence  , similar to the basic push action 7  , 111  , the basic pull action serves as a basis for a transfer function for a part feeder which uses pull operations to orient parts to a unique final orientation. In this section  , we define a basic pull action  , which maps a equilibrium configuration of the finger onto another equilibrium configuration for a given pull direction. In practice  , sufficient transparency would be such that the magnitude of the transparency transfer function GI is unity and the phase is zero within a bandwidth larger than the sensory and motor bandwidth of the operator. Specifically  , perfect transparency in the single degree-offreedom case requires that Gl=I. Since the highest working bandwidth of the system is below 100 Hz  , a transfer function of a model of the input-output torque based on the experimental data between O-LOOHz is identified. 3 show the magnitude and phase plot of inputoutput torque for three different amplitudes of sinusoidal signal. The service activation and execution function report costs only when the execution site referred in the grounding parameter of the functions is the current execution site. Also the service specifies the three cost functions C G   , C T and C S for service activation  , data-transfer and service execution  , costs relative to the current execution site. Please note that the execution cost could include the cost of transfering parameter data between an execution site and a " local " service. We consider these cost values as edge weights  , and therefore the Dijkstra's search can be applied to find a trajectory with the smallest cost-to-go. For a robot a significant proportion of the environmental changes are known and can be predicted in advance from the task program which the user defines via the supervisory computer. These constraints are called QFT bounds and are usually shown on the Nichols chart 12 . The above design specifications can be translated into constraints on the nominal openloop transfer function  , Lojw = PojwCjw where Po@ is the nominal plant frequency response. The basic mathematical models of both photo and acceleration sensors are simply a 2 Focusing on the acceleration sensor  , using parameters inferred the datasheet for accelerometer ADLXSO provided by Analog Devices 2. Using this value for C in the derived transfer function Sen is defined as the sensitivity of the extender position  , U  ,   , in response to E ,= 200s + 2100 lbf/rad We choose ' c  , = 0.1 so the bandwidth of H1 becomes the same as of E , Note that the ffmith's principle can be applied independently of a particular form of manipulator controller and  , therefore  , other form of a manipulator controller can be chosen as well. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. Notice that the control input is significantly smoother than the one in Fig. Based on the closed loop poles and zeros as given in the previous section  , the closed loop transfer function is written as Fig.15shows the performance of the experimental system when zero phase tracking control. Now K stands for the equivalent stiffness of the whole structure and L becomes equivalent to the radial coordinate of the tip. That is  , first  , the open loop transfer function G , ,Note that the travel  , traverse  , and hoist motions of the crane can be independently controlled using the position servo controller 15. In the figure  , X , ,  , X   , and D  , denote the In this study  , the position servo controller K ,s is designed by using the loop shaping method9. The fuzzy-logic controller is adopted as an anti-swing controller. was implemented using the real-time software developed by Christini and Culianu 26 The system is stable  , so exponential weighting is nei­ ther required nor used. In a similar fashion to Section 4.1  , an electronic oscil­ lator was constructed with transfer function: Example 1 PI controllers with integrity: Consider a stable TITO plant G with the transfer function V. EXAMPLES For clarity  , we begin with an example of design of a set of box-like stabilizing Proportional-Integral PI controllers with integrity for a TITO system. A final orientation of a part is a stable orientation where at least one edge of the part is aligned with the gripper when fully grasped with a frictionless parallel jaw gripper. Noting that the transfer function in 0-space between applied torques and resulting accelerations is nearly diagonal  , we treat the system as though it  , is two decoupled  , second order systems. The motor characteristics were based upon the Pitt ,nmn Elcom 4113 motor. the transfer functions of the PMBLDC motor  , drive  , speed and current controllers respectively. While designing controllers it is usual practice to design the current and speed controllers sequentially  , starting from the inner loop  , the resulting inner closed loop transfers function designated as As previously  , we define a transfer function between the inter distance and the additional risk. If the decelerations of the two vehicles are close  , from the two previous equation  , we can say that additional risk is mainly resulting of the parameter γT r . Besides the reference and value dependency sets in this table  , the static types of these values should also be calculated as defined in the language specifications. After circuit equivalent treatment  , hydraulic cylinders  , the equivalent position of the transfer function expressed as: Through to the piston rod position control   , the actual angle of rotation and knee expected change when human leg gait movement keep consistent to achieve the purpose of humanmachine coordination. The first layer input layer only consists of weights and each neuron is associated to one input variable of the dataset. Each neuron receives as input all the outputs from the previous layer  , and applies a specific weight and a transfer function to this input  , to then pass this result to the neurons in the next layer. The first term corresponds to costdata|model  , which are the cost to transfer the labels of each continuous point  , and the rest corresponds to penaltymodel  , which describes the coding book of labels and necessary delimiters. Formally  , we denote the goodness function based on MDLP as GF MDLP . However  , since participation is symmetric in δ ctxt   , we use its absolute value. However  , as software evolves  , the maintenance problems with cross-cutting concerns still exist  , even in the aspectized programs or the programs developed with AOP from the beginning . Privileged statements modify the value of a passed tainted data and/or derive new instances of tainted data. In standard industrial practice  , the information for the automatic cycle of a high volume transfer line is represented by a " timing bar chart " . Because the performance metric of a machining system is the cycle time in normal operation   , only the auto mode function of a logic controller will be considered in this paper. The key idea in the formulation  , therefore   , is to describe the relationship of the beginning and completion times of an operation with those of the previous and subsequent operations. In view of the lot related objective function  , it is not necessary to model the movement of individual transfer lots. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. Experimental results were obtained using a five-bar robot5 with one of the side joints locked to simulate a single flexible link with a shoulder joint. The determined discrete transfer function from the base motor amplifier input voltage to the reflected output is mapped to the continuous plane using a ZOH to allow for continuous time H  , design. Assuming perfect transfer from spring storage into kinetic energy  , the impact may be modeled as follows: the hip for natural pitch stability. The energy stored in the leg is a function of thrust motor angle and is independent of the impact state. These discontinuities in the past caused large control impulses to the system. As indicated in lo  , using the minimum force objective function  , the force setpoinl  , solutions for all supporting legs show major discontinuitien whenever the leg phase alternates between support and transfer. The function of the mapping transitions is to transfer the token' s color c  , to a predefmed color cz  , i.e. , after firing the mapping transitions  , the color of the tokens that enable this type of transition is transferred to the predefined color of other kind. In the CTPN model  , the mapping transitions are drawn as m. The other enabling and firing rules of the mapping transitions are the same as the ordinary transitions. Based on several experiments  , the best estimates for the author's hand sensitivity is presented by equation 7. We here design an observer to estimate higher-order derivatives of the actual object position X   , . In the following discussion  , we design an observer for 2 which is x-axis element of n o m 8  , the transfer function from Xd to z can be The simulated camera position is quite oscillatory  , but the motor position curve D is only slightly different to the multi-rate simulation without mechanical dynamics curve C. Figure 6shows the measured and fitted transfer function from motor to camera position  , lated response of the motor position and the camera position respectively. Under the time delay of T   , moreover  , this system promises to produce the goal response of the system z ,t -T without affecting system stability in a delay-free environment. When there exist no modeling errors  , i.e. , G ,  , = G  , and z ,  , = z ,  , the control structure shown in Fig.4guarantees to achieve the goal transfer function  , Ggoal  , given by 14. While this order is good for reducing transfer time  , it is preferable to fetch fragments in their storage order when the goal is to reduce seek cost. In our policies so far we have used a ranking function based on join size for determining the order in which fragments are fetched from a loaded platter. While there is still a hope that an elegaut combined solution cau be found  , we have decided to follow the classical separate approach. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. a variable for the solving method. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. it contains only diagonal elements. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . Figure 5shows the experimental results. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K f can include any ground literal   , where ∈ K f means " the planner knows . " K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. , as a distance metric. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The above equation directly means the viscosity. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. We set the baseline using K = 1. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Here S K i is denotes the amount o f k-itemsets for node i to send out. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. In the current configuration  , k l is 3 and t l is 7 days. Clustered multi-index. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. 10% of k 1 . In this section we discuss the notion of k-anonymity in an intuitive manner and provide some reasons why it is nontrivial to check releasing views for k-anonymity violation. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . By definition  , if a view set does not violate k-anonymity  , any of its association covers must have at least k associations in it. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. , K. We first calculate the K precision values for each target separately and then compute the aggregate value for each k by averaging over all targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. Liu et al. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. classes in PLSA. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The above question can be reformulated as follows. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Wu et al. These motifs co-occur together very often. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. All runs are compared to pLSA. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. UDCombine1. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Our approach consists of two steps. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. 14. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. First  , in all cases but threeG AN on topics 1-50  , G N on topic 51-100  , and G C on 101-150  , the differences between pLSA and LapPLSA are significant with a p-value < 0.05. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. For all of our approaches  , the number of tensor slices z is set to 7. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. However  , when these PLSA based methods modeling the user  , they did not pay attention to the user's dual roles and their distinctions . Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. We observe that partitions formed using the votes of single-view models contain more than half of the documents in the collection and that these groups are highly homogeneous with an average precision of 0.76. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. , words that are likely to occur not need a language-specific or even domain-specific thesaurus or dictionary  , but learns directly from the unstructured content. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. 2 as P wi  , dj = W . H . First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. There are in fact many advantages to do so. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . We summarize each topic θ with terms having the highest pw|θ. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. Some variants of LSA have also been proposed recently. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. , PLSA. We make the following interesting observations. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . The prior for all the parameters is given by We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. Whereas the NMF factors are a set of values with scale invariance issues  , cf. Table 2shows the experimental results. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. aspects. If we ignore the structure of the phrases  , we could apply PLSA on the head terms to extract topics  , i.e. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. We expect that those hidden factors would correspond to blogger's complex sentiments expressed in the blog review. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. by a logistic function. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. The second one is PLSA based methods. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Most authors assigned to the same topical community are well connected and closely located  , which presents a much " smoother " pattern than Figure 3a and b. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. For every view v  , the probability that document dv arises from topic z ∈ Z is given by pz|dv  , estimated by PLSA. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Section 2 provides a brief review of related work. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA  , K  , and the orders of the ARSA model  , p and q. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. A held-out set with 10% of the data was created randomly. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . In this case one gets in addition to 2 , There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. The selection of parameter values seems to have more effect to NMF than to other methods  , and longer components may be found with different amount of components to be estimated. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Different kinds of approaches may be taken when decomposing a data matrix into smaller parts. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The remaining documents have voting patterns different from any of the selected cluster signatures. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. Note that our baseline methods are already significantly better than k-NN and PLSA; thus the improvement due to VarSelect is very significant. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. In this paper  , we conducted a preliminary study on using PLSA models to capture hidden aspects of retrieved passages. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. It turned out all runs on all 9 continuous hidden aspect numbers got positive improvements. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. The pLSA model was trained with all the data. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. where w ∈ w1  , w2  , ..  , w l are words which questions contain. 12  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 11. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. As we can see  , our CTM approach gets the best performance. Thus the E-step remains the same. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We will work on the opinion retrieval for blogs and focus on searching diversity of blogs. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. In this way  , the statistical topic model could capture the co-occurences of items and encourage to group users into communities. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. Our model without φ geo   , η user and θ user : This is essentially very similar to Baseline. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. Similar subtle differences can be observed for Topic 3 IR as well. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. Overall the improvement respect to xQuAD is clear. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. Our key idea is to extend PLSA 8 to build a topic-bridge and then transfer the common topics between two domains. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? For a query q  , we apply pLSA on the set of retrieved documents D = {di} M i=1 to obtain the implicit subtopics associated with q. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. , LapPLSA_C  , Lap- PLSA_A  , and LapPLSA_N  , respectively. " In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. The combined resource usually results in a diversification performance in between that of the individual resources combined. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. As shown in Figure 2a  , as K increases from 1 to 4  , the prediction accuracy improves  , and at K = 4  , ARSA achieves an MAPE of 12.1%. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Equipped with the proposed models  , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. Documents  , authors and venues are generally composed of words  , so each of them can be decomposed by topic models  , such as PLSA 2  , respectively. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. We propose to solve the rated aspect summarization problem in three steps: 1 extract major aspects; 2 predict rating for each aspect from the overall ratings; 3 extract representative phrases. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Finally  , a simplified version of the model i.e. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. where p  , q  , and K are user-chosen parameters  , while φi and ρi ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. Yet another approach to deriving document representations that takes semantic similarities of terms into account has been proposed in 15. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. Their model explores the d2d-link graph to detect some community cores and then uses text information to improve community consistency. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. We call the proposed model the S-PLSA + model  , in which the parameters are estimated by maximizing an approximate posterior distribution. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Computationally  , the E-step boils down to computing the conditional distribution of the hidden variables given the data and Ψn. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. Intuitively   , if the communities are coherent  , there should be many inner edges within each community and few cut edges across different communities. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. In the experiments  , all the precision of the results except for positive and candidate images are evaluated at 15% recall. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. In addition to each sentence's social attribute  , such as author  , conference  , etc. , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. In all of the experiments  , the learning rate is set to 0.025 and the window size is set to 8. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. As a sample application  , we plug it into the ARSA model proposed in 4  , which is used to predict sales performance based on reviews and past sales data. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. As Figure 1 illustrates  , the IDRM can be divided into two steps. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. The number of concepts  , K  , is fixed beforehand  , but the concepts themselves are derived in a data-driven fashion. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Note that our framework outputs regularized topic models of a query  , i.e. , an implicit topic representation. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . Though some other methods take the textual content into account  , they make oversimplified assumptions and thus ignore useful participation information. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The results for the SYNC3 dataset and LSHTC dataset show that the fewer classes that are shared between the source and target domains we have  , the more our approach outperforms the other three. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. This indicates that Local Prediction is sufficient and even better than Global Prediction at selecting only a few representative phrases for each aspect. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. Overall  , the control flow results of Pin-based profiling are very similar to those from the simulator. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Despite the effectiveness of PLSA for mapping the same document to several different topics  , it is still not a fully generative model at the level of documents  , i.e. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. We propose a novel approach called Topic-bridged PLSA or TPLSA for short for the cross-domain text classification problem. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. To illustrate the re-ranking performance graphically  , we plot the data in Figuresels are not necessarily the same as the aspects of Genomics Track. In this paper  , we propose a new topic model  , the Orthogonalized Topic Model OTM  , to focus on orthogonalizing the topic-word distributions. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. The accuracy stays stable from Epoch 2 through Epoch 4  , indicating that no significant new information is available from Epoch 2 to Epoch 4. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. We see that our approach is consistently better in most cases. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. The relatively high F1C scores of our methods indicate that the number of unique authors can be estimated with the number of achieved clusters from the original data set. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Following the similar idea of regularized es- timation 19  , we define a decay parameter η and a prior weight µ j as A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. TSM is constructed based on the pLSA model 9 : in addition to assuming a corpus consists of a set of latent topics with neutral sentiment  , TSM introduces two additional sentiment models  , one for positive and one for negative sentiment . Further  , compared to G C and G A   , G N has a relatively lower W on all three topic sets  , which suggests that with a random K  , LapPLSA regularized with G N is less likely to improve over pLSA compared to G A and G C . Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. In the experiments  , we find that we cannot start PLSA model with a uniform distribution for P z  , P d|z  , and P w|z; otherwise  , the convergence will happen immediately in the first iteration due to the sparsity of data. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. This may due to the fact that the click logs have a very low < 50% coverage on this topic set  , and that the topic set is rather recent created in 2011 while the click logs were created in 2006  , which may lead to further sparseness: e.g. , on average   , G A has 17.1 nodes per query  , while G C only has 7.6 nodes per query on this topic set. Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. It can be seen in Figure 5that this strategy improves the system performance if compared to the evolution of a population that did not suffer predation. Because our strategy only relies on the outgoing call relationship  , it is sensitive to the stability of callers throughout the framework's evolution. Caller stability. The main strategy underlying SemDiff relies on a number of hypotheses we made on framework evolution. This study helped us answer the following questions: However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. We apply evolution strategy ES19' to VTM to improve the precision of landmark recognition. It unambiguously defines the way in which a change will be resolved  , i.e. An resolution strategy is the policy for evolution with respect to the his/her requirements. Instead of applying evolution as a solution finder the traditional approach  , here  , the robot control system is able to face an open-ended evolution in a mutable environment  , since the robots are constantly being modified by evolution to cope with these variations. This paper reports the development of a predation strategy that is able to improve an embedded evolutionary system  , which controls a group population of six autonomous mobile robots. Therefore  , the reactive evolution strategy is better for rapid responses to emerging features and reducing the risk of misestimating the evolution trends. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. The Ager interacts with one or more evolution controllers to obtain information about relevant evolution-indicating events. 3: The Ager  , that computes the ages and age levels for links  , and the Strategy Manager  , that provides access to a repository of aging strategies. Trust-Serv is complimentary to this work  , as it adds support for dynamic policy evolution. If a policy determines that a credential may be disclosed  , the strategy determines whether the disclosure is necessary  , and when it should take place.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. Decide which functionality or variants would not be preserved and agree migration strategy towards standard functionality. Our code generation strategy limits the number of code changes required when the architecture description changes. Maintenance and evolution are important parts of the development of any software system. Solving these technical challenges and finding a unified and automated way to discover the individual evolution graphs is left for future work. But we also present a case that needs smarter graph expansion strategy Figure 5b1-b3. We conquer the problem by using variable template matching VTM method taking the sile of landmark into the parameters of' landmark  , too. Resolution strategies are developed as a method of " finding " a consistent ontology that meets the needs of the ontology engineer. To automatically determine the appropriate strategy for each negotiation  , we use meta-policies. Strategies are presented to allow not only evolution of policies  , but also migration of ongoing negotiations to a new policy. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. Our strategy is based on the evolution of the term-class relationship over time  , captured by a metric of dominance. The evolution strategy has been shown to be globally convergent given unbounded running time 4. If successful mutations occur very often  , it means that convergence could be sped-up by increasing the step size. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. Three levels of strategies are available: A general strategy provides a default setting. We designed a study to assess the validity of these hypotheses and to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. the strategy management a tool has been implemented in Java which enables the definition of new aging strategies e.g. A further functionality of this tool is the rating of evolution indicating events. The strategy part of each rule contains one of the evolution strategies presented above. This rule is called the default rule  , since it is used if no other rules match. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. The real execution time of the conversion functions depends on the implementation strategy chosen as it will be described in Figure 1: Schema evolution until time t4. Conversion functions are logically executed at the end of a modification block. We used a modified version of the evolution strategy to learn manipulation primitives. This is valuable in situations such as dextrous manipulation  , where building a realistic and accurate simulator is extremely difficult. Only a mutation is used as the genetic operation. The robot tries to find a good action by Evolution StrategylO in which the action is coded as a gene. In evoultionary strategy ES  , state vector 2 was composed of n-dimensional real-valued vector and mutation step size 0. Genetic control parameters may also be merged into the representation of individual to control the evolution parameters. Moreover  , we adopt the Action Watch Dog and the Switching the Evaluation Function method. To ensure the above property  , we use the Evolution StrategyES as a. search method. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. The evolution strategy is widely studied today in robotics current situation  , and is not based on expected sib w&nxs. This paper proposes a strategy to incorporate temporal models to document classifiers  , aiming to address the two main drawbacks of instance selection and instance weighting approaches. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. When defining a resolution strategy  , one therefore has to make sure that the application of the resolution strategy terminates  , either by prohibiting that a resolution function introduces inconsistencies with respect to any defined consistency condition  , or by other means  , such as cycle detection. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. In this paper  , we propose a site-level mirror maintenance strategy based on the historical evolution of the original Web site. Moreover  , even if a solution is found to avoid infinite loops  , a strategy has to be used which treats the situation of what we called critical cycles in Section 4.3. The presence of a cycle  , as already pointed out in Section 4.3  , could block in an irreversible way the evolution of the objects in the database. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. Moreover  , the vocabulary used by employers and recruiters change over time  , reflecting the evolution of the labor market. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. A simulator was applicable for it provides an ideal environment  , without noise and where the interactions among the robots can be carehlly specified. However  , the new genetic material produced by the attacks kept the population evolving up created a random robot that  , combined with the best robot  , produced a superior configuration that improved the population performance. Our system does not rely on simulation or modeling ; instead  , all the experimentation is performed by the physical robot. The primitives are learned using a modified version of the evolution strategy  , which allows us to deal with the noise normally present in tasks involving complex interactions between a robot and its environment. 2 Furthermore  , the first 7 cases of maintained constraints A underline the need to also propose the delete strategy #S2 whenever a constraint is impacted  , and not always try to maintain the constraint. Otherwise  , the rates of automatic co-evolution would be lower than the ones in this paper  , with a higher risk of introducing inappropriate solutions. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. As shown in Figure 5  , deletion of the SPORTS UTILITY concept in SO is propagated to BO resulting in new changes: the removal of the BICYCLE concept as the subconcept of the SPORTS UTILITY concept and the removal of the BICYCLE concept itself if the evolution strategy 19 requires the removal of the orphaned concepts. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. The weights for the DLS cont ,rol strategy 10 are chosen as K = 100 and W  , = 1. Various related work follow the strategy of using a modeldriven approach to support architectural conformance. While they focus on model-driven engineering in contrast to us  , an interesting area of future work is likewise to which extent we can support reconstruction of behavioral views by annotations and thus use that information in evolution. Also in terms of the evolution facet  , a service design needs to be evaluated at a more specific level. The same can be said about RPC-based services  , which can either publish many fine-grained operations   , or a few coarse-grained ones  , depending on the chosen design strategy. Based on a formalization of the model  , we have presented policy evolution primitives  , negotiation instance migration strategies  , and a strategy selection policy language that allow running negotiations to be efficiently migrated to a new policy. We have shown how security abstractions can be modeled as extensions to traditional state machines. Since the advertiser's strategy is semi-myopic  , at any time step  , the bid should fetch him a non-negative expected profit for the rest of the phase. The state evolution is only conditioned on getting the impression and not on the price paid for it. However  , both authors share a sense of responsibility for what they have helped create  , and as such they see it as their task to find an alternative strategy that provides adequate guarantees regarding the successful maintenance of the OAI-PMH and its evolution. It is not in the authors' nature to run an organization for the its own sake. The trends or the pattern of the  ,sensory inputs and the control parmeter outputs over time are also recoded in each case so that the system can iue time period information when retrieving the best case. However  , in certain cases  , these changes may need to review the rules affecting other features  , but the divide-and-conquer strategy used for the design phase  , makes this task easier. This characteristic also allows for evolution in the SPL scope without loosing the design effort already invested: as new features are added or modified  , only their rules need to be added or updated  , respectively. As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . Entities from the ontology being changed are related to instances of the CHANGE concept through HAS REFERENCEENTITY property. Finally  , we have shown how this framework implements service containers to enable scalable deployment. the steps in the explore phase and the randomly chosen agents  , let DT be the times that i receives the item under strategy S during the exploit phase before time liT   , i.e. Fixing the evolution of all ujt's  , 1 ≤ j ≤ n  , and all random choices of the mechanism  , i.e. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. Therefore we have to resort to optimization techniques that are better at dealing with local minima and handling an apparently non-deterministic envi- ronment. In this experiment  , the robots were evolved in the same environment presented in FigureThis experiment uses a very simple fitness fimction in order to prevent biasing evolution towards a preconceived solution. It incorporates the developed strategy of predation in an attempt to improve system performance. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. Montana's contact equations 4f are used to specify the evolution of contact points of the fingertips on the object at each time step. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. Thus  , we suggest deadlock detection and resolution as the most appropriate strategy in the case of simulation modeling  , due to the inherent dynamic and stochastic nature of simulation. As a consequence  , there exists an n-m-dimensional holonomic constraint on generalized coordinates and the joint evolution is restricted to an m-dimensional manifold M . When joint motions generated by a resolution strategy on closed end-effector paths are cyclic  , this strab egy defines an inverse kznematic function 7. Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. Hence  , optimized mirror maintenance strategies are needed so that mirroring severs do not need to scan the whole original site every day. Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. When these conditions do not hold  , this strategy may lead to a drop in programmer perfor- mance. More specifically  , RALEX implements a discriminative rank mass distribution characterised by a dynamic link following strategy that is sensitive to both topical relevance and information freshness a measure we devised based on age and topical longevity of papers. In 8  , we devised such a framework for the ranking of scientific documents  , RALEX RAndom Literature EXplorer  , that scores papers with consideration to literature evolution. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. In addition to inspections  , which are a valuable verification strategy also for Web applications  , static analyzers can be employed to scan the HTML pages in a Web site and detect possible faults and anomalies. Re-computation of the static analyses described above over time allows controlling the evolution of the application qual- ity. A dextrous manipulator is a robotic system composed of two or more cooperating serial manipulators. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. The experiences from WES- PL confirmed that the technical choice of whether adopting a proactive approach or a reactive approach largely depends on the market position of the SPL organization. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. What value does the evolution provide to the organization ? For a planar biped  , the proposed control strategy consists in the tracking of a reference path instead of a reference motion for the joints and for the position of the CoP. In the second case  , the convergence to the cyclic motion is forced and the conditions on the CoP evolution are relaxed  , as a consequence  , the performance of the control law is improved with respect to its stability. Although we could envision the architectural evolution that would cleanly support such personalized ads  , it was too late in the season to re-architect the entire site  , so we settled for a rather clumsy temporary fur. This presented a major challenge to our strategy of generating HTML pages whenever new data arrived  , since the HTML generator had no way of knowing what user would request the page. The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. Additionally  , since we study the evolution of a framework at the change set level  , it is probable that we will come across small changes that were never accessible to client programs e.g. , a method name was misspelled and corrected in the next change set  , a developer reverted to the old version of a class  , etc. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Lib instances. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. , precision and purity. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . Hence  , LI Binary LIB can be computed by: We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. fol " .tif. " A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. We selected two corpora to work from. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Lib. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. The solution presented in this paper addresses these concerns. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. They are not included in the application profile  , awaiting approval by DCMI of a mechanism to express these. " Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. In our experiments  , we chose CHESS v0.1.30626.0 21 and SATABS v2.5 6 as two of the most widely used verification tools. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. where the conflict rate is most significant. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. The fifth column C-o presents the copyright owner  , which has five values: library Lib  , individual Ind  , organization Org  , vary and public domain P-d. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. The tools have been used to create a testbed for NCSTRL+ which  , at this time  , runs on three NCSTRL+ servers with index service for five archives. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . Let g i be the guard obtained from g i by replacing every parameter of lib by the corresponding argument passed to it at c. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. At last  , we stem the words on the content using a tool called lib-stemmer library 1 . The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. If the value library  , owners Lib  , Own appears  , the fee should be paid to both library and owners. The above described methodology relies critically on our ability to generate a population of agents that share a SKS. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. -PAR 1 is set to maxobj = 100. It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. The default implementation of these methods assumes that there is no immutable data  , and that the public mutable data consists of the entire Web archive WAR file of the replicable service application except those under WEB-INF/classes and WEB- INF/lib  , while the private mutable data consists of the HTTPSession object created for the client. Stack inspection is intended to prevent confused-deputy attacks 9  , which arise when a component C 1 that was not granted access to a resource r obtains access to r indirectly  , by calling into a component C 2 that was granted access to r. Figure 1. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Prior to distribution  , component source code is compiled into binary code formats  , such as .lib  , .dll  , or .class files. These test beds comprise different media; however  , since the focus of most the projects spawning off the test beds was on technological aspects  , users and usage as well as the content play a minor role in most of these test beds. Connecting attackers: During the eight weeks of our honeypot experiment  , we received 690 attempts to access the URLs of hosted shells  , from 71 unique IP addresses  , located in 17 countries with the top three being Turkey  , USA  , and Germany. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. a All strings occurring in root occur in node In this example  , the rule template gc-template we exhibit shall be a function from deltas t.o deltas  , such t ,hat if A is an arbitrary set of insertions and deletions on a database instance LIB  , then applygc ,templateA ,DB will be the result of garbage collection on applyA  , DB. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. DLESE resources are contributed or collected from many sources  , and although all the materials need to be within the scope of DLESE as expressed by the Collections Policy  , there was no guarantee of balance in the collection across the many subjects that were of interest to the diverse and generally unknown user groups.