We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. This can be perceived from results already. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. The paper is organized as follows: Section 2 discusses possible alternatives for adding types and functions to a DBMS by concentrating on the alternatives: static types versus dynamic types. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper    , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. Overall Approach
We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. We compare the weighted memory-based approach by incorporating our weighting scheme to standard memory-based approach including the Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC method    , the Vector Similarity VS method    , the Aspect Model AM    , and the Personality Diagnosis PD method. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. We measure mainly the hit-ratio; the fraction of queries answered by the decentralized cache. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model In the 
a b 
Profile size = 5 Profile size = 30 
Conclusion and Future Work
In this paper    , we presented CyCLaDEs    , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. Language modeling
The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. The experiment involved the participants using the Firefox extension of the tag mapping tool within their browser on their own personal computer over a two week period. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. However    , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions     , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2    , 8ë    , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases    , the metric interpetation ë9ë    , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him. This provides the needed document ranking function. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. To determine if a profile is better than another one    , we use the generalized Jaccard similarity coefficient defined as: 
Jx    , y = i minx i     , y i  i maxx i     , y i  
where x and y are two multi-sets and the natural numbers x i ≥ 0 and y i ≥ 0 are the multiplicity of item i in each multiset. Experimental Conditions
 We refined our basic survey idea into a 2 x 4 betweensubjects design. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. 4.   , precision and purity. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. The Clarke-Tax approach ensures that users have no incentive to lie about their true intentions. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . Section 5 reports our experimental results. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Collective Similarity
 Now we consider the problem of multi-domain recommendation . The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking    , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. Term-Weighting Components
In 
simq    , d = t∈q w td × wtq 1 
where simq    , d is the similarity measure between a query q and a document d. Ten years after Salton and Buckley's proposal    , the work of Zobel and Moffat 
Genetic Programming
 Genetic Programming GP    , an inductive learning technique introduced by Koza in 
COMBINED COMPONENT APPROACH
Our Combined Component Approach CCA is a GP-based approach for discovering good ranking formulas. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. In order to find the best parameters    , we tried different λ values for each σ value in the range of 
Experimental Results on the Test Query Set
 In this section    , we present the evaluation results of our approaches on the TREC 2008 query topics. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. , SVA and CR    , and SVA 2 and CR 2     , respectively. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. Currently    , there are a number of commercial products available for individual communities to create their specialized digital library for example    , http://www.software.ibm.com/is/dig- lib/v2factsheet. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. Rule definition
The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. In Sect. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data. This approach leads to equations 
λ δ = argmax i P R|q δ     , λ i  λ γ = argmax i P R|q γ     , λ i  
that show how the probability of R is conditioned both by the model λ i and by the state sequence of the global or optimal paths. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental.   , ridge regularization. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. The use of the 
q W v W . nodes with no connections increases. In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. . Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Here a candidate path is a path from vs or vt to an intermediate vertex that follows the appropriate pattern. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors    , such as position and social influence bias    , and article-specific factors. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. Asian cultures emphasize the fundamental relatedness of individuals to each other    , with a focus on living harmoniously with others 
Cultural differences in online communities 
 As computing and communication technologies have spread around the world    , researchers have studied cultural differences in technology use. To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. Demand for Experimentation. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. The application runs from the command line. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. The fitting is quite convincing for most of the goals see 
Conclusions 
Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations not only with their friends    , but also with the world at large. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. The two are related quantities with different focuses. Otherwise    , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. , precision and purity. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. Additional experiments have to point out which reason or reasons actually explain the experimental results the best. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification    , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. To combat this problem    , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr    , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. Model selection
 Many of the dependences may be statistically insignificant     , so the respective coefficients should be set to zero. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. In the within-project setting i.e. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways    , the differences are evident. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. With these choices    , nearby objects those within distance r have a greater chance p1 vs. p2 of being hashed to the same value than objects that are far apart those at a distance greater than cr away. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Introduction
Various types of user studies can support the design and evaluation of digital libraries. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. TEXT REPRESENTATION FOR TEXT CATEGORIZATION SUBTASKS
The track provided the full text of the journal articles in both SGML and XML form. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. After fitting this model    , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. Coordinate Ascent Fitting Procedure
We adopt an iterative optimization procedure which alternates between a fitting the model parameters Θ given the segmented timeline Λ    , and b segmenting the timeline Λ given the current estimate of the model parameters Θ. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. Experimental Design
Scenario. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. The evaluation results are given in 
Result II. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics    , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. We have followed the method described in 
Conclusions and Future Work
We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition    , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The assumption 2 VERTICAL POSITION BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 4 and 6. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. , F1 score < 1.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. 2 summarizes related works. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. We measure its value as the Shannon entropy of a location: 
Hl = − ï¿¿ u∈N h S l p l u logp l u 4 
where p l u is the probability that a given check-in in place l is made by user u. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object    , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. This design method is by definition iterative. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Furthermore    , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. Note    , partial bindings    , which come from the same input    , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. Yet another complicating dimension    , which is nevertheless critical to scale large testing systems    , is distributed benchmarking across multiple hosts. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. To simplify our experiments    , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. – We evaluate our approach by extending LDF client with CyCLaDEs. Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. We use this method in our prediction experiments on heldout data in the Experiments section. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. Section 2 describes related work. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. One is a variant of the Bellcore SuperBook system
Experiments
In an effort to compare the image and text versions of the same material    , we ran some systematic experiments at Cornell    , using 36 students as experimental subjects in a controlled sitation. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies    , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. Moreover in 28% of searches documents were saved only from the top 25. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration .   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. For each topic    , the table lists the most probable words for the topic under its DCM parameters along with the words in the book most frequently assigned to the topic. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play    , with objects as actors. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. LIB+LIF: To weight a term    , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. We prove that IMRank    , starting from any initial ranking     , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Here we skip the detailed formulations due to the space limitation. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Central to this strategy was the development of a superior professional workstation    , subsequently named Star    , that was to provide a major step forward in several different domains of office automation. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. To compute the similarity weights w i  ,k between users ui and u k     , several similarity measures can be adopted    , e.g. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. In our implementation    , we sample users uniformly to optimize the average AUC metric to be discussed later. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. Furthermore. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. Result Ranking. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries    , with all there syntactic variations    , were correctly fitted in NQS    , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. We also tried several other    , more complex models    , without achieving significantly better model fitting. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Further assuming under this condition that the Web application is invulnerable induces a false negative discussed in Section 5 as PF L |V  ,D. If an injection succeeds    , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. RELATED WORK
The results of Gray et al. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Out of these posts    , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. REFERENCES Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection.