Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Damljanovic et al. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. to the introduction of blank nodes. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. pressive language. The patterns are described in Table 2. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Previously examined by Cui et al. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. their rapid evaluation. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The research question is: pattern. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Tree-Pattern Matching. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Distributed graph pattern matching. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. This paper focuses on the ranking model. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Siena is an event notification architecture . There have been many studies on this problem. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We do not present an exhaustive case study. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Feasible ? Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Triple Pattern Matching. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. by embedding meta data with RDFa. outline preliminaries in Sect. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . which the other components on this level rely. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Listing 1 shows an example query. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled.