LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The application runs from the command line. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term  , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents  , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. For evaluation purposes  , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Lib instances. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . The two are related quantities with different focuses. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. lib " represents the library from which the manuscript contained in the image originates and can be one of eight labels: i AC -The Allan and Maria Myers Academic Centre  , University of Melbourne  , Australia. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. Unfortunately  , this effort has not been continued. We have implemented the lazy  , schedule recording  , and UW approaches described in Section 3 in our ESBMC tool that supports the SMT logics QF AUFBV and QF AUFLIRA as specified in the SMT-LIB 27. Not surprisingly  , there was very little consistency among data providers on the syntax of role pseudo-qualifiers. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. . This allows the user to fluidly read and annotate documents without having to manage annotated files or explicitly save changes. Library means that the copyright of the material is owned by the organization that the library belongs to  , and is administered by the library. Since NCSTRL+ can access other Dienst collections we can extend searches to all of NCSTRL  , CoRR  , and D-Lib Magazine as well. In this section  , we show how to conclude the construction of M Imp by incorporating the assumption PAs into M Exp . In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. The search result for a single query from the ad-hoc task is a list of structured data; each contains a web TREC-ID and the extracted main body of content. The NCSTRL+ DL interface is based on our extensions to the Dienst protocol to provide a testbed for experimentation with buckets  , clusters  , and interoperability. Some general rules for the handling of digitized and born-digital material can be derived from Table 1and its discussion  , showing that there is a variety of arrangements depending on ownership of the material and its copyright. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. The multimedia collection consists of e-books  , pictures  , videos and animations. This can be considered as 100 lockable objects in the LIB-system  , or alternatively  , these 100 objects can be regarded as the highly active part of the CB-system catalog data  , access path data  , . It is useful to think of these segments as motion primitives  , which are typically defined in relation to terrain interaction.  Retrieve and apply updates for synchronization: updates can also be represented using in-memory objects  , files and tables. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. Information on the data structure  , functions  , and function calling relationships of the source code is stored in the binary files according to pre-defined formats  , such as Common Object File Format COFF 5 33  , so that an external system is able to find and call the functions in the corresponding code sections. Related to this effort  , the D-Lib Working Group on Digital Library Metrics 2 was formed and was involved in the organisation of a workshop 3 in 1998  , which addressed several aspects of DL evaluation. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. gc ,template will not have side-effects on the database  , so the entire computation can be rolled back if desired. In Java and the CLR  , access control is based on stack inspection 6 : when a security-sensitive operation is performed   , all the methods currently on the stack are checked to see if their classes have been granted the relevant permission . There are many studies of users of digital libraries and collections 1 and a great deal of work on evaluating digital libraries for examples  , see issues of D-Lib at http://www.dlib.org/ and Chris Neuhaus's bibliography http://www.uni.edu/neuhaus/digitalbibeval.html  , but we did not find studies of null searches to identify collections gaps in order to develop user-centered collections. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. special effects. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. Consider a two class classification problem. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. Semantic relevance. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. This is difficult and expensive . For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Unlike semantic score features and semantic expansion features which are query-biased  , document quality features are tended to estimate the quality of a tweet. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. The presented results are preliminary. XSEarch returns semantically related fragments  , ranked by estimated relevance. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. syntactic and semantic information . Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. Figure 4shows an example. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. We consider various combinations of text and link similarity and discuss how these correlate with semantic similarity and how well they rank pages. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. The higher relevance ratings for the task that required subjects to locate a previously seen image suggest that users were better able to specify those queries. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The intuition behind this approach is that proximity in the graph reflects mutual relevance between nodes.  The distinguishability of keyword: A resource having semantic paths to distinguishable keywords is more relevant than a resource having semantic paths to undistinguishable keywords. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Relevance: On the one hand all of our data is exposed through different formats  , which limits not only their integration and semantic interpretation but also any kind of basic inference across data sources. To calculate precision and recall  , we normalize the semantic distance to a scale from 0 to 1. To do so  , the model leverages the existing classifier p0y|x  , and create the semantic embedding vector of x as a convex combination of semantic vectors of the most relevant training labels. These quality measures were derived by observing the workflow of a domain expert using the example of but not limited to the field of chemistry. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using this method we find that 48 ,922 doorway pages in 526 abusive cloud directories utilize traffic spam techniques to manipulate the page relevance.  In this paper  , we focus on ranking the results of complex relationship searches on the Semantic Web. Besides the semantic relevance between the ad and ad landing page  , the ad should be consistent with the style of web page.  The number of meaningful semantic path instances: We regard resources which have many meaningful semantic path instances directed to keywords as more relevant resources. Interestingly  , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Boolean operators and uncertainty operators have to be evaluated in a different way from the evaluation of semantic operators. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Fourth  , we developed a suitable ranking mechanism that takes into account both the degree of the semantic relationship and the relevance of the keywords. Other semantic types that fell under health  , biology and chemistry related topics were given a medium weight. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. In the same way that assessors disagree over relevance judgments see 6 for a nice summary  , humans also disagree about whether two pieces of text have the same semantic content. Finally we have undertaken a massive data mining effort on ODP data in order to begin to explore how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance in agreement with semantic similarity. We argue that considering a latent semantic model's score only is not enough to determine its effectiveness in search  , and all potentially useful information captured by the model should be considered . Combinations of latent semantic models. Situation-aware applications would additionally require semantic assertions about the user navigation  , interaction logic and associated data model for the purposes of temporal and positional relevance. In particular  , a definite effect was observed for RTs typically less than for hierarchical traversal. Degree of Category Coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWD and relevance of covered terms RCT  , for measuring the quality of semantic techniques used for taxonomy / folksonomy creation. Based on these observations  , we proposed three measures namely degree of category coverage DCC  , semantic word bandwidth SWB and relevance of covered terms RCT. After that it matches the query keywords with the generated service semantic graph keywords to find relevance and propose services to the user. The semantic match relies on the classification of pages and ads into a 6000 nodes commercial advertising taxonomy to determine their topical distance. The semantic types used in the current system were determined entirely by inspection. In addition  , the usual problems attached to concurrent executions  , like race conditions and deadlocks  , are raised. We extract the keywords from the META tag of the doorway pages and query their semantic similarity using DISCO API. As the length of a semantic path gets longer  , the relevance between the source and the destination decreases. In the ARCOMEM project 22 first approaches have been investigated to implement a social and semantic driven selection model for Web and Social Web content. We offer this description to demonstrate that evidence gleaned from pseudo-queries could have non-temporal applications  , calling the induced model R a document's " semantic profile. " After explicit feature mapping 18  , the cosine similarity is used as the relevance score. The basic underlying assumption is that the same word form carries the same semantic meaning. If the same types of dependencies were capture by both syntactic and semantic dependencies  , LCE would be expected to perform about equally as well as relevance models. Thus  , a good CBIR method should consider low-level features as well as intrinsic structure of the data. Thus it has particular relevance for archaeological cross domain research. In semantic class extraction  , Zhang et al. In the following section  , five pictogram categories are described  , and characteristics in pictogram interpretation are clarified. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. This equation  , however  , does not take into account the similarity of interpretation words. Some semantic-relevance images that can not be found under the typical visual bag-of-words model were successfully retrieved. Hence  , the key issue of the extension is how to findkreate the relevance among different databases. Consider for example an interaction logic implemented as JSP bean or Javascript  , etc. If the glb values of the conjunct are already available in the semantic index  , they are directly retrieved. QR  , using a highly tuned semantic engine  , can attain high relevance. Then in 26  semantic relatedness measure is used to pick the meaning that has the highest relevance to the context where the ambiguous term appears. We assume that the significance of a citation link can be estimated by the relevance of each entity considering the query topic. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech  , morphology  , UMLS semantic classes. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. For instance  , a word like " morning " may score high in the category of coffee merely based on its occurrence at similar times as coffee terms. We used sentence as window size to measure relevance of appearing concepts to the topic term. Different from LSA and its variants  , our model learns a projection matrix  , which maps the term-vector of a document onto a lower-dimensional semantic space  , using a supervised learning method. This phenomenon is extremely important to explore the semantic relevance when the label information is unknown. This could be done by assigning weights to Semantic Associations based on the contextual relevance and then validating only those associations with a high relevance weight. In our approaches  , we propose four semantic features. We introduce an experimental platform based on the data set and topics from the Semantic Search Challenge 9  , 4 . We compared the precision of QR implemented on top of three major search engines and saw that relevance can be affected by low recall for long queries; in fact  , precision decays as a function of low recall. However  , this probably changes the 'order' in which events are consumed and thus has semantic relevance. First  , we provide a general method for the aggregation of information streams based on the concept of semantic relevance and on a novel asymmetric aggregation function. Essentially  , an interface to a bi-directional weakly connected graph that is transparently generated as the programmer works. That's why LSSH can improve mAP by 18% at least which also shows the importance to reduce semantic gap between different modals. And a tag-tag visual similarity matrix is formulated by the propagated tag relevance from trustable images in Section 2.2. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "   , semantic/visual topic " visuality "   , and geographic/general 4. Average distance weight and the co-occurrence ratio are not able to reflect the semantic similarities between a question and a candidate answer. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Here  , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. In the Semantic Web community  , crowdsourcing has also been recently considered  , for instance to link 10 or map 21  entities. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. We will show that categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach returns better result than not-categorized  , not-weighted approaches. When the semantic relevance is calculated  , however  , the equation takes into account all the interpretation words including talking or church or play. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. As expected  , the worst method in terms of semantic relevance is the TempCorr method  , which ignores semantics altogether. Figure 3is similar to Figure 2  , but compare the percent of relevant tweets with the volume of newly discovered content . The results of the rating question on relevance suggested that users believed the returned sets were not always semantically relevant. However  , the browsing tool simply required users to think about what might be the main colour and then look in that colour square. Kacimi and Gamper propose a different opinion diversification framework for controversial queries 17  , 18 : three criteria are considered for diversification: topical relevance  , semantic diversification  , and sentiment diversification. The relevance of a query and a document is computed as the cosine similarity between their vectors in the semantic space. The Maximum Entropy approach allows for the use of a large amount of descriptors without the need to specify their relevance for training a specific semantic concept. After extracting the semantic features  , we need to represent those features in a proper format so that it is convenient to calculate the relevance between tweets and profiles. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. Recently  , millions of tagged images are available online in social community. In this paper  , to tackle this problem  , we explore the latent semantic relevance among tags from text and visual perspectives. For instance  , the top 20 retrieved documents have a mean relevance value of 4.2 upon 5  , versus 2.7 in the keyword search. The relevance value of a document with respect to " pimo:Person " is dynamically measured as the aggregated relevance value of that document with respect to all instances of the concept " pimo:Person " in the PIMO ontology. Specifically  , a sentence consisting of a mentioned location set and a term set is rated in terms of the geographic relevance to location and the semantic relevance to tag   , as   , where Then  , given a representative tag   , we generate its corresponding snippets by ranking all the sentences in the travelogue collection according to the query " " . The content layer is at the bottom  , since the similarity calculated based on low-level features does not have any well-defined mapping with object relevance perceived at semantic level. Therefore  , it is important to locate interesting and meaningful relations and to rank them before presenting them to the user. To prove the applicability of our technique  , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. The rest of the section elaborates on these measures and how they are used to rank ρ-path associations. However  , it does not carry out semantic annotation of documents  , which is the problem addressed here. The adjacent semantic link panel lists links to more content that is of relevance to what is displayed in the content panel. These findings suggest that the criteria in the Hybrid method Equation 7 improves both temporal similarity and semantic relevance. It uses a non-logic based textual similarity to discover services. Cross-media relevance between an unlabeled image and a test label is computed by cosine similarity between their embedding vectors. Theobald and Weikum 24  describe a query language for XML that supports approximate matches with relevance ranking based on ontologies and semantic similarity. On the other hand  , the relevance graph shows that here the semantic search gives high ranks to the relevant documents. Our approach utilizes categorized pictogram interpretations together with the semantic relevance measure to retrieve and rank relevant pictograms for a given interpretation . First we create original intent hierarchies OIH by manually grouping the official intents based on their semantic similarity or relatedness. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Regarding the amount of relevance of each term to the each section  , its importance for the document is evaluated. It also takes into account the beliefs associated to these propositions; the higher their beliefs  , the higher the relevance. However  , almost all of them ignore one important factor for resource selection  , i.e. Thus users clicked on blue and were presented with predominantly blue images  , we believe that this meant that the users were evaluating the relevance of the return more on the colour than the semantic relevance. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items  , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small  , medium  , large  , relevance level relevant  , not relevant  , topic difficulty easy  , medium  , difficult  , very difficult and topic visuality visual  , medium  , semantic. Latent semantic models based on the latent space matching approach learn vector representations for queries and documents  , such that the distance between a query vector vQ and a document vector vD reflects the degree of relevance of the document D to the query Q. There is already a very significant body of work around entailment for the Semantic Web 10  , based on description logics providing an underlying formal semantics for the various flavours of OWL. One major question concerns the practical applicability of these different matchmakers in general  , not restricted to some given domain-specific and/or very small-sized scenario  , by means of their retrieval performance over a given initial test collection  , SAWSDL-TC1  , that consists of more than 900 SAWSDL services from different application domains. Some insights from measurement theory in Mathematical Psychology were briefly covered to illustrate how inappropriate correspondence between symbol and referent can result in logically valid but meaningless inference. A large number of bytes changed might result from a page creator who restructures the spacing of a page's source encoding while maintaining the same content from a semantic and rhetorical point of view. Hence  , the scatter plot can show  , among others  , documents referring to both the topic " Semantic Desktop " and one or more persons who are of specific interest to the users documents plotted above both axes. To summarize the representative aspects of a destination  , we first generate a few representative tags  , and then identify related snippets for each tag to further describe and interpret the relation between the tag and the destination. Almost all these existing methods are devoted to propose various measures to estimate the relevance score between query and sources and this kind of relevance is very closely related with the semantic content of query and results. A serious consequence of such an overly simplified assumption of a document's relevance quality to a given query is that the model's generalization capability is limited: one has to collect a large number of such query-document pairs to obtain a confident estimate of relevance. For instance  , it was agreed to that a hyponym of campaign  , such as Marlboro Ranch a name of a specific marketing campaign should be considered  , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance  , whereas the non-specific hypernym campaign should not be considered   , in and of itself  , a marker of relevance. Term frequency was developed by their domain experts in order to establish the relevance of different MetaMap semantic types and articles that displayed high frequency of relevant terms were ranked higher among articles that had lower frequencies. Then  , we present a fully unsupervised framework that implements all the functionalities provided by the general method. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. The heterogeneous nature of the data and our approach to constructing semantic links between documents are what differentiate our work from traditional cluster-based retrieval. Our models assume that the questions in the dataset can be grouped into K distinct clusters and that each cluster has a distinct relevance prediction model as well. Finally  , we allow users to optionally specify some keywords that capture relevance and results which contain semantic matches are ranked highest. The goal would be to efficiently obtain a measure of the semantic distance between two versions of a document. Contextual expansion methodologies i.e. This highlights the need to find a better similarity measure based on the semantic similarity rather than just textual overlap. We formulate a combination of the new semantic change measure and the relevance prediction from the enhanced classifier to produce a normalized quantifiable intention strength measure ranging from -1.0 to 1.0 past to current intention  , respectively. Existing measures of indexing consistency are flawed because they ignore semantic relations between the terms that different indexers assign. How to measure the similarity of events or road condition ? Only part 1 of the questionnaire was utilized  , which is composed of six semantic differentials mental demand  , physical demand  , temporal demand  , performance  , effort and frustration  , all rated between 0 and 100. The general trend for most of the categories is that demand increases as size of document increases  , the exception being perceived performance where the values decrease as document size increases. We have proposed a method named the Relevance-based Superimposition RS model to solve the semantic ambiguity problem in information retrieval. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. The page-level results of semantic prediction are inevitably not accurate enough  , due to the inter-site variations and weak features used to characterize vertical knowledge. A final problem of particular relevance to the database community is the manifest inability of NLIs to insure semantic correctness of user queries and operations. This issue is typically resolved by acknowledging these assessor differences and simply accepting the opinion of a single assessor. Image relevance was also considered to be a factor for this experiment. We validated this principle in a quite different context involving combination of the topical and the semantic dimensions 29. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. As the value nears zero  , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence  , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The aim of this work is to provide developers and end users with a semantic search engine for open source software. It has also become clear that in order to arrive to an executable benchmark  , we needed to exclude significant parts of a semantic search system. The result of this step is a list of terms  , where each term is assigned with a single Wikipedia article that describes its meaning. Unfortunately  , there is not an easily computed metric that provides a direct correlation between syntactic and semantic changes in a Web page For instance  , there is no clear relationship between the number of bytes changed and the relevance of the change to the reader. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. The possible worlds semantics  , originally put forward by Kripke for modal logics  , is commonly used for representing knowledge with uncertainties. As part of the CLEF 2006 effort  , which shared the same set of topics as used in CLEF 2007  , the topics were categorised into a number of different categories  , including: easy/hard  , semantic/visual  , and geographic/general 5. The RSVP user interface is primarily designed for relevance assessment of video shots  , which are presented in a rapid but controllable sequence. Discovered semantic concepts are printed using bold font. To do this  , we first cluster a large tweet corpus Tweets2011 and then calculate a trigonal area for each triplet ⟨query  , tweet  , cluster⟩ in a Figure 1: Overall system architecture latent semantic space. Therefore  , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect  , rather than an absorbing effect. The evaluation results on ad hoc task show that entities can indeed bring further improvements on the performance of Web document retrieval when combined with axiomatic retrieval model with semantic expansion  , one of the state-ofthe-art methods. We utilized a similar methodology in SCDA. Later in 2  , polynomial semantic indexing PSI is performed by learning two low-rank mapping matrices in a learning to rank framework  , and then a polynomial model is considered to measure the relevance between query and document. Although presented as a ranking problem  , they use binary classification to rank the related concepts. Also  , our approach to target detection can be naturally applied to many real-world problems such as word sense disambiguations as well as semantic query suggestion with Wikipedia. Euclidean distance only considers the data similarity  , but manifold distance tries to capture the semantic relevance by the underlying structure of the data set. As Gupta et al 10 comment the most successful systems are those which an organizing structure has been imposed on the data to give it semantic relevance. In this paper we proposed a novel way of matching advertisements to web pages that rely on a topical semantic match as a major component of the relevance score. Current proposals for XML query languages lack most IR-related features  , which are weighting and ranking  , relevance-oriented search  , datatypes with vague predicates  , and semantic relativism. We have presented the new query language XIRQL which integrates all these features  , and we have described the concepts that are necessary in order to arrive at a consistent model for XML retrieval. Changes on a topic's representation involve the introduction of event-dependent features  , which bring along ambiguous semantic relevance to the topic. Therefore  , such methods are not appropriate to be applied on feature sets generated from LOD. Thus  , in this section  , we briefly review the literature and compare our approach with related literature. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query  , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic  , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance  , for that topic. Table 6 provides a matrix of the changes in relevance labels for the documents returned in the top position for each query Next  , we take a closer look at the changes brought about by the inclusion of metafeatures in the combination of latent semantic models. Despite this  , our model could be applied in alternative scenarios where the relevance of an object to a query can be evaluated. Questions and candidate snippets are analyzed by our information extraction pipeline 13   , which extracts entity mentions  , performs within-document and cross-document coreference  , detects relations between entity mentions  , compute parse trees  , and assigns semantic roles to constituents of the parse tree. The features used for relevance prediction are an extension of those used in the 28. We pursue an approach that is based on a modulative relevance model SemRank  , that can easily using a sliding bar be modulated or adjusted via the query interface. Different from the convention of storing the index of each object with itself  , the LGM stores the knowledge as the links between media objects. The significance of the new context-based approach lies in the greatly improved relevance of search results. Then  , the ESA semantic interpreter will go through each text word  , retrieve corresponding entries in the inverted index  , and merge them into a vector of concepts that is ordered by their relevance to the input text. Our method does not require supervised relevance judgments and is able to learn from raw textual evidence and document-candidate associations alone. In the next step  , we would like to analyze the effect of usercontributed annotations and semantic linkage on the effectiveness of the map retrieval system. Measuring semantic quantities of information requires innovation on the theory  , better clarification of the relationship between information and entropy  , and justification of this relationship. Finally  , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance  , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. For example  , the presence of the term " neurologist " is unlikely to convey the same impact to a document's relevance as the presence of " astrocytosis. " In this representation  , the relevance of a tweet to a given query is represented via each topically formed cluster. Finally  , an average relevance score over a set of empirical threshold values triggered a tweet to be sent to the matching user for Task A within a few seconds after the tweet was originally created. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In contrast  , the definition of similarity in duplicate detection in early database research 1312 is very conservative  , which is mainly to find syntactically " almost-identical " documents. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Based on the assumption that users prefer those tweets related to the profile and popular in social media  , we consider social attributes as follow  ,  Then  , the semantic score and quality score are utilized to evaluate the relevance and quality of a tweet for a certain profile. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. The challenge for CBIR systems therefore is to provide mechanisms for structuring browsing in ways that rely upon the visual characteristics of images. The ranking score can be viewed as a metric of the manifold distance which is more meaningful to measure the semantic relevance. For example  , the first retrieved image in the first case is the 34th image retrieved by Euclidean distance. We can use machine translation to translate contexts and citations and get two views Chinese-Chinese  , For monolingual context and citations Chinese-Chinese or English-English  , we adopt Supervised Semantic Index SSI 19 to model their relevance score. The semantic association between the nodes is used to compute the edge weights query-independent while the relevance of a node to the query is used to define the node weight query- dependent. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality  , including context coherence  , selection clarity  , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context. Given a semantic user query regarding the relevance of the extracted triples consisting of basic graph patterns and implemented as SPARQL query; a query expressed in natural language might be: " Retrieve all acquisitions of companies in the smartphone domain. " Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. The Cranfield paradigm of retrieval evaluation is based on a test collection consisting of three components: a set of documents  , a set of information need statements called topics  , and a set of relevance judgments. The relevance is then computed based on the similarity between two bags of concepts. In the digital age  , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located  , searched for relevance  , and retrieved. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. We define pictogram categories by appropriating first level categories defined in the Concept Dictionary of EDR Electronic Dictionary6. Our Foursquare dataset consisted of all checkins from 2011 and 2012 except December 2012 aggregated in 20 minutes bins by category and urban area. As mentioned before  , our semantic topic compass framework relies on incorporating the semantics of words into the feature space of the studied topic  , aiming at characterising the relevance and ambiguity of the these features. Hence  , this step extracts first the latent semantics of words under a topic  , and then incorporates these semantics into the topic's feature space. In summary  , the key contributions of this paper are as follows: 1 We present a novel image search system to enable users to search images with the requirement on the spatial distribution of semantic concepts. In other words  , it would never be computationally possible to apply a semantic relevance check to millions of components. Another advantage of the model is that we can use this model to capture the 'semantic'/hidden relevance between the query and the target objects. The richness of the SemRank relevance model stems from the fact that it uses a blend of semantic and information theoretic techniques along with heuristics to determine the rank of In this way  , a user can easily vary their search mode from a Conventional search mode to a Discovery search mode based on their need. Of special relevance to the fulfillment of the Semantic Web vision is automating KA from text and image resources. Automated KA systems take as input multimedia documents originally intended for human consumption only and provide as output knowledge that machines can reason about. The goal in IR is to determine  , for a given user query  , the relevant documents in a text collection  , ranking them according to their relevance degree for the query. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics  , i.e. We argued in 14 that annotating medical images with information available from LODD can eventually improve their search and navigation through additional semantic links. Although our preliminary results address the sensibility of the measures  , a detailed investigation using several document corpora is still needed to reflect different topics and sizes. So we can proceed from the assumption that visualizing search results taking semantic information into account has a positive effect on the efficiency when assessing search result relevance. Semantic information for music can be obtained from a variety of sources 32. The major shortcoming of treating a web page as a single semantic unit is that it does not consider multiple topics in a page. We categorize links suggested by our system into four categories: C1  , correct links; C2  , missing interlayer concept; C3  , one-step errors  , suggest two sibling concepts or reverse the relation; C4  , incorrect relation. The score is treated as a distance metric defined on the manifold   , which is more meaningful to capturing the semantic relevance degree. Their model favors documents most different in sentiment direction and in the arguments they discuss. The learned function f maps each text-image pair to a ranking score based on their semantic relevance. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair  , and then for each query  , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. In this paper  , we proposed a topic segmentation method which allows us to extract semantic blocks from Web pages using visual criteria and content presentation HTML tags. Moreover  , we need an approach that can be generalized to represent the queries and documents that have never been observed in the search logs. In many IR tasks document similarity refers to semantic " relevance " among documents  , which are could be syntactically very different but still relevant. The third contribution is analyzing the progression of intention through time. Specifically we utilize the so-called " supervised semantic indexing " SSI approach 9. 7'he relevance of a document takes the maximal value among the correspondence measures evaluated between itk component semantic expressions and the query. However  , semantic similarity neither implies nor is implied by structural similarity. The subject is then required to give the relevance judgements on the results returned for the best query he/she chooses for the simple combination method. Web mash-ups have explored the potential for combining information from multiple sources on the web. In that case  , the complexity of the problem can be analyzed along the number of semantic paths retrieved Similar heuristics to those discussed in the first approach that use context to prune paths based on degree of relevance can also be used here. This approach has the advantage of not requiring any hand-coding but has the disadvantage of being very sensitive to the representational choices made by the source on the Semantic Web. Digital libraries technologies such as those related to information organization and retrieval deal with issues of semantics and relevance  , beyond pure engineering problems. However  , the configuration and tuning of the NLP-based passage trimming is complex  , and will require much further work to determine which UMLS semantic types are most informative about sentence relevance for each entity type. Second problem is that the model is more aggressive towards relevance due to the bias in the training dataset extracted from Mechanical Turk 80% Relevant class and 20% Non- Relevant. Indeed  , while the contribution of stop-words  , such as determiners and modals  , can be largely ignored  , unmatched named entities are strong indicators of semantic differences between the query and the document. The basic assumption of a cognitive basis for a semantic distance effect over thesaurus terms has been investigated by Brooks 8  , in a series of experiments exploring the relevance relationships between bibliographic records and topical subject descriptors. In the Chevy Tahoe example above  , the classifier would establish that the page is about cars/automotive and only those ads will be considered. In the end  , 30 identifiers 9.6% reached the ultimate goal and were identified as a semantic concept on Wikidata. The necessary probability values for sim Resnik and sim Lin have been calculated based on SAWSDL-TC  , i.e. To improve performance   , we automatically thin out our disambiguation graph by removing 25 % of those edges  , whose source and target entities have the lowest semantic similarity. For example the word Bataclan  , referring to the Bataclan Theatre in Paris is commonly related to Entertainment  , however during the November 2015 terrorist attacks in France it became relevant to the Topic Violence. Standard feature selection methods tend to select the features that have the highest relevance score without exploiting the semantic relations between the features in the feature space. From each mention  , a set of semantic terms is extracted  , and the number of mentions a term derives from can be used to quantify its relevance for a document. We define semantic relevance of a pictogram to be the measure of relevancy between a word query and interpretation words of a pictogram. Selecting a set of words relevant to the query would reduce the effect of less-relevant interpretation words affecting the calculation. Intuitively  , we can simply use cosine similarity to calculate the distance between W l and Ws. Our approach to structured retrieval for QA works by encoding this linguistic and semantic content as annotations on text  , and by using a retrieval model that directly supports constraint-checking and ranking with respect to document structure and annotations in addition to keywords. In this section we propose a method to make use of this information by encoding it into a feature weighting strategy that can be used to weight features in a tweet collection to address a topic classification task. Based on the axioms and corollaries above  , given a news web page  , we can first detect all its TLBIOs  , merge them to derive possible news areas  , and then verify each TLBIO based on their position  , format  , and semantic relevance to the news areas to detect all the news TLBIOs. In case neither approach detects the Web answer in the corpus  , we simply browse through the paragraphs returned by the Indri IR system in the order of their relevance and select the first hit as the supporting document. This paper presents an approach to retrieval for Question Answering that directly supports indexing and retrieval on the kind of linguistic and semantic constraints that a QA system needs to determine relevance of a retrieved document to a particular natural language input question. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words  , and to enhance retrieval performance   , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. In the " cooking recipe " case  , the performances cannot be improved even using page content  , since all the considered sites are effectively on the topic " cooking recipes "   , and then there is a semantic reason because such sites are connected . Although Codd advised the community to include an accurate paraphraseand-verify step 4  , it seems that developed systems seldom take this requirement seriously and instead simply translate the user's query to SQL  , applied it and then presented the answers  , perhaps along with the SQL. We remove proper nouns because we observed that if a particular proper noun occurs in a news article and a reader comment frequently  , then the cosine similarity score will be high  , but the actual content of the comment and the news article might not be similar. We would extract those facts as a whole  , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract  , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. In addition to increased click through rate CTR due to increased relevance  , a significant but harder to quantify benefit of the semantic-syntactic matching is that the resulting page has a unified feel and improves the user experience. Both entailment and designation have relevance for the Semantic Web: entailment relating to what can be concluded from what is already known  , and designation relates to establishing the connection between symbols in a formal system and what they represent. To capture how likely item t is to be an instance of a semantic class  , we use features extracted from candidate lists. The system estimates the semantic relevance between a comment and a news article by measuring the cosine similarity between the original news article and reader comment  , after all proper nouns have been removed from both. Since Atomate uses a rule based system at its core  , emerging Semantic Web work pertaining to rule languages such as SWRL and RuleML  , and efficient chainers for these languages are currently of great relevance and interest to us well. Second  , the L p -norm distance form of the above model reflects the coverage of keywords  , and p ≥ 1 controls the strength of ANDsemantics among keywords. A vector model solely based on word similarities will fail to find the high relevance between the above two context vectors  , while our context distance model does capture such relatedness. On the other hand semantic types such as  , " disease and syndrome "   , "sign or symptoms"  , "body part" were assigned the highest possible weight  , as they would be very critical is determining the relevance of a biomedical article. Defining representative content has to focus on the technical side of the objects and cover the difference in structural expression of the content  , not the variety of the semantic content that the objects represent such as different motives shown in digital photographs. Besides using statistical features such as term frequency  , proximity and relative position to the question key words  , our methods also include syntactic information derived through parsing  , and semantic features like word senses  , POS tagging and keyword expansion etc. The main challenge for diversifying the results of keyword queries over RDF graphs  , is how to take into consideration the semantics and the structured nature of RDF when defining the relevance of the results to the query and the dissimilarity among results. As an alternative or auxiliary to directly aligning between standards and curricular resources on the one hand  , and trying to infer relevance from the structural and semantic similarity of standards across standard sets on the other  , the feasibility of standard crosswalking – that is  , inferring alignment in one set of standards based on alignments in another – has been explored; e.g. 5 Hyponymy is the semantic relation in which the extension of a word is subsumed in the extension of another word e.g. In order to implement this principle  , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them  , as specified in the query topic. At the core  , most of these approaches can be viewed as computing a similarity score Sima ,p between a vector of features characterizing the ad a and a vector of features characterizing the page p. For the ad a such features could include the bid phrase  , the title words usually displayed in a bold font in the presentation  , synonyms of these words  , the displayed abstract  , the target URL  , the target web site  , the semantic category  , etc. However   , when compared to query centric retrieval  , this makes for a substantial difference at retrieval time: while query centric retrieval requires a relevance judgment for all types of images in the relevant class from a single example  , database centric retrieval only requires a similarity judgment for one image the query from the probability distribution of the entire class. In the early days of the Web the lack of navigation plainness was considered as the navigation problem: users can get lost in a hyperspace and this means that  , when users follow a sequence of links  , they tend to become disoriented in terms of the goal of their original query and in terms of the relevance to their query of the information they are currently browsing 3. It is probable  , however  , that this problem cannot be solved without performing time-consuming experimental rese~irch aimed at defining the influence on the size of retrieval system atoms of the variation of frequency of occurrence of index terms  , of the co-occurrence of index terms  , of the variation of the frequency of co-occurrence of index terms  , of the existence of semantic relations  , etc. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 4  , 5 and allow us to investigate how the Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Users are also likely to want support for data types and 'semantic relativism': the former would  , for example  , enable searches for documents where //publicationDate is later than August 17  , 1982; the latter would allow markup as diverse as <doc publicationDate='October 27  , 1983'>.. and <publicationDate>October 27  , 1983</publicationDate> to match such a query. While other ontology-based IR approaches typically builds only on terminological knowledge e.g. An alternative strategy to cope with the problem is the approach based on statistical translation 2: A query term can be a translation of any word in a document which may be different from  , but semantically related to the query term; and the relevance of a document given a query is assumed proportional to the translation probability from the document to the query. While some projects have attempted to derive the semantic relevance of discrete search results  , at least sufficiently to be able to group them into derived categories after the fact 27  , the unstructured nature of the Web makes exploring relationships among pages  , or the information components within pages  , difficult to determine. In step 1  , we identify concept labels that are semantically similar by using a similarity measure based on the frequency of term co-occurence in a large corpus the web combined with a semantic distance based on WordNet without relying on string matching techniques 10. In routing  , the system uses a query and a list of documents that have been identified as relevant or not relevant to construct a classification rule that ranks unlabeled documents according to their likelihood of relevance. Results indicate  , not surprisingly perhaps  , that standard crosswalking can be successful if different standard-issuing agencies base their standard writing on a common source and/or a Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. Like Q-learning. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Learning. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Some LOs may require prerequisites. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The evaluation is given every 1 second. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. We will call this type of reward function sparse. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Parallel Learning. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. Two-stage hill climbing 5.2.1. T o obtain a successor node during hill climbing mode  , the following steps are taken. In the hybrid SSH  , localization by hill-climbing is replaced by localization in an LPIM. Two hill climbing scenarios are considered below. The hill climbing method generates solutions very fast if it does not encounter deadends. This experiment validates the effectiveness of the weighted LHS combined with the Smart Hill-Climbing. percolation "  ? .. -the way this task can bc achicvcd : " hill-climbing " gradient methods  ? " 12 and 13show the concave and convex transition of climbing up hill respectively. hill there may exist a better solution. This measure is then used for a search method similar to the hill climbing method. Hence  , the solution most likely converges to local minimum. 4. GA optimization combined with simple hill climbing is used to improve gaits. Finally  , it describes how SBMPC was specialized to the steep hill climbing problem. Hill climbing does not work well for nonconvex spaces  , however  , since it will terminate when it finds a local maxima. In both cases  , concave and convex transition gait are performed sequentially. The detailed tracing results show that hill-climbing started from choosing topfacets and gradually replaced similar facets by less similar ones. However  , even if we combine DP with hill-climbing  , the planning problem is not yet free from combinatorial explosion . However   , we adjust all the weights in a WNB simultaneously  , unlike the hill climbing method  , in which we adjust each weight individually. The final facets selected by hill-climbing usually were still within the top 30%  , while the ones selected by random-were evenly distributed among the results from single-facet ranking. We have experimented with hill climbing in our model fitting problem  , and confirmed that it produces suboptimal results because the similarity metric dK or others is not strictly convex. In the sequel we describe several alternatives of hill climbing and identify the problem properties that determine performance by a thorough investigation of the search space. The general approach can be used to specify the vehicle velocity at the top of the hill in the steep hill climbing problem. Alternatively  , we can follow the hill climbing approach but it is computationally more expensive and requires more scans of the database 18. Each experiment performed hill climbing on a randomly selected 90% of the division data. The hill-climbing match procedure typically requires about one minute. Ten experiments were performed with each of the two divisions. A * search is therefore more computationally expensive on average than hill climbing. The heuristical method can be enhanced with known methodologies such as hill climbing. Finally  , a hill-climbing phase in which different implernentation choices are considered reintroduces some of the interactions. Figure 2 only shows the most often influential attributes; i.e. This procedure is formalized in Alg. As the robot climbed the hill  , it decelerated  , resulting in a continual decrease in velocity. Metaheuristic algo- rithms 9 are elaborate combinations of hill climbing and random search to deal with local maxima. The other dramatic effect is the time taken with hill-climbing; not only is it just a fraction of the time taken without hill-climbing  , it is very close to being a constant  , varying between 32- 42ps for this set of randomised motion parameters and hull sizes between 10 and 500. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. For feature smoothing  , we found that it is valuable to apply different amounts of smoothing to single term features and proximity features 5. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. Three basic search techniques are combined to perform the search through the octree space. In our experiments  , the parameter pair Second  , we use the hill-climbing a1 orithm and the crossover-swapping operator in paralfel. Although it is not possible to avoid deadends completely during the search  , we can minimize the probability of encountering deadends based on the measure developed here. Such a path always exists for a connected graph. Further parallelization is possible by batching up all the states to be evaluated in a single optimizer step. For performance reasons  , the iterative medoid-searching phase is performed on a sample using a greedy hill-climbing technique. After this iterative search  , an additional pass over the data is performed for refinement of clusters  , medoids and associated subspaces. 11shows the result for hill climbing using SBMPC  , which commanded the robot to back up and then accelerate to a velocity of 0.55 m/s at 1.5 s  , a velocity maintained until approximately 2.3 s  , the time at which the vehicle was positioned at the bottom of the hill. When the objective function has an explicit form  , Hill-climbing could quickly reach an optimal point by following the local gradients of the function. One approach to reducing the number of choice interactions that must be considered is described by Low 'Low  , 1974. If the stopping condition is not met  , the framework will use a hill-climbing strategy to find a new value for N and a new iteration will start. Feature weights are learned by directly maximizing mean average precision via hill-climbing. Now that the model has been fully specified  , the final step is to estimate the model parameters. We now describe a technique that incorporates hill-climbing and is roughly We assume that which vertices are adjacent to each vertex is pre-computed and stored as a part of the polyhedron representation. Mobile manipulators may have difficulties for the stability in climbing up a hill  , maneuvering on unstructured terrain  , and fast manipulation. following and hill-climbing control laws  , moving between and localizing at distinctive states. The JUKF functioned as expected. The transformation that produces the best match is then used to correct the dead reckoning error. High and low values were chosen empirically based on reasonable values for level ground and hill climbing. All parameter values are tuned based on average precision since retrieval is our final task. Like the hill climbing method  , we stop adjusting the weights when the increase between the current AUC and the previous AUC is less than a very small value ¯. Expert knowledge can be included in the methods  , and the definition of the problem can be changed in different ways to reflect different user envi- ronments. Overall  , hill-climbing helps us reducing overlapping facets without losing much coverage of target articles. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. There exist two general approaches: the hill-climbing approach based on the MDL score 16  , 23  , the prevalent  , more practical one which is used here  , and the constraint-based approach. First  , it can localize unambiguously at any pose within the LPM rather than relying on the basic SSH strategy of hill-climbing to an unambiguous pose. The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. Hill-climbing method is used for its simplicity and effectiveness. In our approach to GSL  , data patterns are first matched to HEC cluster patterns through hill-climbing 8201. Then mobile robots can plan motion using the multi-functional and efficient traversability vector t-vector obstacle detection model 6. To reduce the computational cost  , pruning using problem specific constraints is necessary. ORCLUS 3  , finds arbitrarily oriented clusters by using ideas related to singular value decomposition. To identify modes  , all data points are taken as starting points and their location is updated through a sequence of hill climbing step. Only those data points that have a density exceeding the noise threshold before beginning the hill-climbing are assigned to a cluster center. This hill-climbing search was conducted on COCOMO II data divided into pre-and post-1990 projects. We usually settle at a maximum within 15–25 iterations: Figure 3shows that Jα quickly grows and stabilizes with successive iterations. For the following discussion  , we assume medium or large nonindexed images and unrestricted variables. Earlier authors have considered instead using hill-climbing approaches to adjust the parameters of a graph-walk 14. 1for the robot is generated between the two node positions. In many cases the contact positions had to be heavily adjusted to fulfill reachability. Since our method has only 3 parameters  , we calculated their optimal setting with a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search method. Tuning Interrelated Knobs: We may know of fast procedures to tune a set of interrelated knobs. Note  , that this maximization is a special case of the maximization of the posterior 3  , just that the likelihood becomes a constant. We run preliminary experiments on a small scale system to validate that the theoretical results hold. That figure shows the percentage of times an attribute was selected by a N =4 hill climbing search. Hill climbing has the potential to get stuck in a local minimum or freeze  , so stopping heuristics are required. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . The hill-climbing approach is fast and practical. We then perform a hill-climbing search in the hierarchy graph starting from that pair. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Therefore  , we propose as an " optimal " path the one obtained by a hill-climbing method with Euclidean distances as the metric for edge weight. Remolina and Kuipers 13  ,  151 present a formalization of the SSH framework as a non-monotonic logical theory. A gateway is a boundary between qualitatively different regions of the environment: in the basic SSH  , the boundary between trajectory-following and hill-climbing applicability. Each gateway has two directions  , inward and outward. For the refinement step  , we apply a greedy hill climbing procedure explained in Sec. This energy could be employed for hill climbing or long jumping  , or converted to vertical motion in a " pole vaulting " mode. Accepting bad moves corresponds to perform what is called a hill climbing: on the other side of the hill there may exist a better solution. This commanded velocity profile resulted in the vehicle's front wheels reaching the top of the hill at approximately 4.1 s. A time-lapse sequence of the motion with and without SBMPC is shown in Figure 12. All the other runs got stuck in an infeasible local maximum. Section II describes the dynamic model used in this research  , which was developed in 5 and emphasizes important model features that enable it to be used for motion planning in general and the steep hill climbing problem in particular. Second  , it constructs a complete representation of the paths at the place  , and hence of the dstates and possible turn actions. The hill climbing search strategy modifies the position of one fixel at a time until arriving at a fixel configuration achieving simultaneous contact and providing force closure with the feature tuple. Deletion of tuples is performed symmetrically  , from the leaves to the root  , updating each concerned summary to take into account tuple deletion. The β values are tuned via hill climbing based on the hybrid NDCG values of the final ranking lists merged from different rankers. Since both energy functions can be locally minimized by preserving the overlap  , a definite hill climbing is involved. It should be noted that local optimizing techniques  , such as hill climbing  , cannot be used here to find the global optimum  , due to the presence of local extrema. Despite the great deal of motion planning research  , not much work has been done directly on the area of pushing planning. surface are iden tifiedand counted as rocks for inclusion in the roughness assessment. Surprisingly  , although ensemble selection overfits with small data  , reliably picking a single good model is even harder—making ensemble selection more valuable. The latter approach was chosen in this paper because it avoids representing the high-dimensional feature space. Note that hill-climbing strategies are currently the only ones that are compatible with LLA  , because statistical goodness-offit tests χ 2  require the compared models to be nested. The method applies a " hill-climbing " strategy that makes use of a 3-D playing area measuring   , as visualised in the illustrations discussed above. In the latter case the hill-climbing procedure has been ineffective in escaping a poor local optimum. The average width and height of the facets generated by the three methods were about the same  , except that random-occasionally chose some much wider facets. However  , unlike the hill climbing approach where all the points are reassigned to the clusters  , we do not reassign the points already assigned to the 'complete' clusters . The system performs the path search in an octree space  , and uses a hybrid search technique that combines hypothesize and test  , hill climbing  , and A ' This paper discusses some of the issues related to fast 3-D motion planning  , and presents such a system being developed at NRS. The dotted lines indicate the path each contact took in 3D space during the iterated refinement and hill climbing steps. We can now focus on these type-II knobs  , and perform hill climbing to obtain a potentially better knob configuration. The so-called hill-climbing search method locally optimize the summary hierarchy such that the tree is an estimated structure built from past observations and refined every time a new tuple is inserted. In the experiments for this problem  , only 8 out of 480 single start statistical hill-climbing runs 6 hours on one Sparc 20 per run converged to a feasible solution-that is approximately 1.7%. It can be noticed that climbing hills are not very well localised and that sometimes rocks are wrongly classified as steps down. This set of items is a complete description of what the mobile robot can see during its runs. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. The procedure commences with initial support and confidence threshold values  , describing a current location   in the base plane of the playing area. Although hill-climbing had a slightly worse target article coverage than the other two 5% less  , it outperformed them in pair-wise similarity which means the facets selected have smaller overlap of navigational paths. The number of blocks remains constant throughout the hill climbing trial. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. Several measurements were made to ascertain the quality of the various selection techniques  , as seen in Figure 1. All of the design and selection of the distance measures was done using hill-climbing on the development set  , and only after this exploration was In Figure 1we see both development and test set results for answer selection experiments involving a sample of the distance measures with which we experimented. Applying a hill-climbing strategy for workload intensity along the stress vectors  , we are able to reach the stress goal. Due to the absence of the training corpus  , the tuning of all parameters was performed on the testing data using a brute-force hill-climbing approach. However  , the conventional G A applications generate a random initial population without using any expert knowledge. Further  , we will replace the exponential moving average with an more efficient stochastic gradient hill climbing strategy. This way it can significantly increase the number of prob­ lems for which a solution can be found. We have developed a technique that uses a hill-climbing search to match evidence grids constructed at the same estimated position at different times. The presented data is taken from the above experiment and for the bunny object. 3represents the largest possible output power for one side of the vehicle  , which is 51 W. Generally speaking  , the torque limit constraint 5 is what causes deceleration when climbing a steep hill  , while the power constraint 6 limits the speed of the vehicle while traveling on either horizontal or sloped terrains. This allows us to use iterative hill-climbing approaches  , such as coordinate ascent  , to optimize the classifier in under an hour.  The knowledge base is enriched by learning from user behaviors  , such that the retrieval performance can be enhanced in a hill-climbing manner.  The LGM provides a solid and generic foundation for multimedia retrieval  , which can be extended towards a number of directions. The problems remaining are those of stability and reliability. These parameters can be divided into two kinds: the weights on the classes of words  , like people or locations  , and the thresholds for deciding if enough of the content is novel. In general  , the quality of solutions increases with density. For the few times that the position uncertainty became too large  , we were able to re-estimate initial positions using hill-climbing and GSL. At the current stage of our work  , the parameters are selected through exhaustive search or manually hill-climbing search. Therefore  , a simple coordinate-level hill climbing search is used to optimize mean average precision by starting at the full independence parameter setting λT = 1  , λO = λU = 0. In this case it is advisable to choose the optimum slope which requires the nummum energy consumption. The relocalization subsystem then used hill-climbing to find the best match between these two grids and output the estimated error. During these experiments  , transient changes were present  , in the form of people moving past the robot as it constructed these evidence grids. A hill-climbing gradient ascent technique described independently by Sanderson 9 and Jarvis 4 is to compute the criterion function  , move the lens  , recompute the Criterion function  , and look at the sign of the difference of the criterion. As can be seen  , the energy function corresponding to the optimal assignment metric yields ibetter results than the overlap metric in all cases. In general  , the fitness of the composite operator is adjusted as  By adjusting the operator fitness  , we balance the exploration of new search space and the exploitation of promising solutions found by the hill-climbing algo- rithm. Anyway  , the C parameter tuning is a very time and labor intensive work so that we need some automatic hill-climbing parameter calibration given enough computing power. We needed to index most of the content  , so indexing the content with partial noise was preferred to the one where some content blocks are unrecognized. The ultimate goal of this work is the development of 3D machines that can cross rugged  , natural andl manmade terrains. The heading is then modified so that the robot moves towards the stronger reading. In 8  , we analyzed a simple vision-motion planning problem and concluded that hill-climbing is useful to limit a search space at each stage of DP. Unlike pure hill-climbing  , MPA in DAFFODIL uses a node list as in breadth-first search to allow backtracking  , such that the method is able to record alternative  " secondary " etc. In this paper we present a randomized and hill-climbing technique which starts with an initial priority scheme and optimizes this by swapping two randomly chosen robots. For forward selection  , the generation of candidate alternatives to a current model relies on the addition of edges  , because graphical models are completely defined by their edges or two-factor terms. The method searches for the weights that correspond to the best projection of data in the ddimensional space according to S&D. This phase follows a hill climbing strategy   , that is  , in each iteration  , a new partition is computed from the previous one by performing a set of modifications movements of vertices between communities. Given ℐ −   , instead of exhaustively considering all possible element subsets of ℐ −   , we apply a hill-climbing method to search for a local optimum  , starting from a random -facet interface ℐ . To increase the chance of forming a good solution we repeat the random walk or trial a number of times  , each time beginning with a random initial feasible solution. Since EIL for M CICM where the limiting campaign has high effectiveness property or for COICM in general are submodular and monotone  , the hill climbing approach provides a 1 − 1/e ap- proximation 10  , 36 for these problems. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. We shall examine normalized vectors to see if it helps for an easier parameter tuning. The small number of queries in the testing dataset precluded the use of any statistical significance tests. Rather  , it selects a successor at random  , and moves to that successor provided that there is an improvement of MP C. The computation usually halts when we have not been able to choose a better successor after a fixed number of attempts. In other search engines such as Hill-Climbing  , it is clear that starting from a good location can significantly improve chances for convergence to an optimal solution in a much shorter time. Given that the Meet space is unlikely to be convex  , there is no guarantee that this greedy hill climbing approach will find a global optimum  , but  , as we will show  , it tends to reliably find good solutions for our particular problem. Since our parameter space is small  , we make use of a simple hill climbing strategy  , although other more sophisticated approaches are possible 10. Under the experiment's conditions  , the maximum speed on smooth level ground was 4 2 c d s or approximately 2.5 body lengths per second. The goal was to apply SBMPC to the hill climbing problem in a computationally efficient manner. However  , one recursive coarsening step already improves results considerably over mere hill climbing on the original mesh at level 0. For this  , we consider how many hill climbing steps the approach requires at each level and how many grasps need to be compared in each of these steps. In order to maintain a heading close to the centre of the chemical plume the robot employs a hill-climbing strategy in which the robot turns to take sensor readings to the left and right of its current heading. All of the timings in this section were done on a 120MHz Pentium PC running Linux  , and the code was compiled using the gcc compiler with optimisation turned on  , This figure illustrates clearly the usefulness of hill-climbing  , with the effect being most noticeable for larger hulls. Despite previous refinements to avoid overfitting the data used for ensemble hill- climbing 3   , our experiments show that ensemble selection is still prone to overfitting when the hillclimb set is small. For large document clusters  , it has been found to yield good results in practice  , i.e. The presentation emphasizes the importance of using a closed-loop model i.e. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. We produce five queries with 9 variables  , and five with 12  , and for each query we generate 500 random solutions in a dataset of 1 ,000 uniformly distributed rectangles with density 0.5 density is defined as the sum of all rectangle areas divided by the workspace. The idea of considering both similarity and cost is motivated in Section 4.2.   , pagelinks.sql  , categorylinks.sql  , and redirect.sql  , which provide all the relevant data including the hyperlinks between articles  , categories of articles   , and the category system. These latter effects probably account for the increase in average time per operation for the hill-climbing version to around 250-300ns; the difference in the code for these two methods is tiny. When a local maximum is reached with a stepsize of 0.125 feet and 0.125 degrees  , the search is stopped and the resulting maximum is output as the transformation between the two evidence grids. Besides the discrete design variables  , the size of the search space is further increased by six continuously varying parameters defining the position and orientation of the space shuttle with respect to the satellite. The speed limitations are expected to be particularly important when planning minimum time paths on undulating terrain. Given the vertex We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. The final solution to the optimization problem is a setting of the parameters w and a pruning threshold that is a local maximum for the Meet metric. In order to test this observation we ran experiments with the four variations of hill climbing 2 variable selection  2 value selection mechanisms using query sets of 6 and 15 variables over datasets of I000 uniformly distributed rectangles with densities of 0.1 and 1. Figure 7a presents the performance of the predictive hill climbing approachPHCA and the degree centralityDegi  heuristic under various amounts of missing information for the case where the limiting campaign L is started with 30% delay. The expected log-likelihood 14 i s maximized using EM  , a popular niethod for hill climbing in likelihood space for problems with latent variables 2. Finally  , note that we have assumed here that the coordinates of the object vertices are available on There is a catch though: whereas in visualisation we usually view from single directions  , in simulation we are likely to want to keep track of distances between many pairs of objects lo . We can ensure that all of the vertices of the simplex found by GJK are surface points of the TCSO: when first added to the simplex vertex set we can do this by always generating them by opposing support vertices  , and at the next time step we can check the TC-space vertices that have remained in the simplex set by hill-climbing until we do find extrema1 vertices. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. In this section  , we first theoretically prove the convergence of IMRank. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g.  We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? To combat the above problem  , we propose a generalized LFA strategy that trades a slight increase in running time for better accuracy in estimating Mr  , and therefore improves the performance of IMRank on influence spread. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The inference is performed by Variational EM. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. This prevents a sort consisting of many runs from taking too much sort space for merge buffers. When reaching this limit  , a sort converts to u5 ing multiple merge steps. This saves a pass over the data by combining the last merge pass of external sort with join-merge pass. However  , the double skew case was not considered. call this distributed out-of-core sort. LESS's merge passes of its external-sort phase are the same as for standard external sort  , except for the last merge pass. The division of queries into the three classes would also he valid for Sort-Merge and Neslcd Loop join. An important difference  , however  , is that the merge phase of Diag-Join does not assume that the tuples of either relation are sorted on the join attributes. A " log merge " application used for comparison and described below renormalizes the relevance scores in each result set before sorting on the normalized relevance scores. However  , the problem of optimizing nested queries considering parameter sort orders is significantly different from the problem of finding the optimal sort orders for merge joins. Sort bufler size is the size of a data buffer for inmemory sort/merge. The latter join is implemented as a three-way mid 4 -outer sort-merge join. The five sorts are: Straight insertion  , Quicksort  , Heapsort  , List/Merge sort and Distribution Counting sort. So the default Join could have been planned with sort-merge before performing the rewrite. exMin: minimum memory for an external merge. We used the UNIX sort utility in the implementation of the sort merge outerjoin. We used the GNU sort application the " sort merge "  on the relevance scores in the domain result sets for a topic as a baseline merge application to merge the results into a single ranked list. The nesting of subqueries makes certain orderings impossible  , whereas merge join is at liberty to sort the inputs as it sees fit. More memory is required for sorting the two input tables and the performance of sort-merge join depends largely on sort performance. Further  , each predicate is annotated with an access method; i.e. Concretely   , bitonic sort involves lg m phases  , where each phase consists of a series of bitonic merge procedures. The Sort property of the AE operator specifies the procedure to be used to sort the relation if a merge-sort join strategy was selected to implement the query. CellSort is based on distributed bitonic merge with a SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel. sort-merge joins are vulnerable to memory fluctuations due to their large memory requirements. There is no need for complex sort/merge programs. The performance in comparison with Sort/Merge depends on the join selectivity. A SIMDized bitonic sorting kernel is used to sort items locally in the local stores of the SPEs  , a distributed in-core bitonic merge is used to merge local store resident local sort results  , and a distributed out-ofcore bitonic merge is used to merge the results of a number of main memory resident in-core sort results. This reduces the number of input runs for subsequent merge steps  , thereby making them less vulnerable to memory fluctuations. One page less of memory will result in another merge step. In the cast of sort-merge joins  , queries could hc divided into small  , medium and large classes hascd on the size of the memory needed for sorting the relations. These query groups arc listed in Figure" tcnthoustup " relations  , all ol' the nested loops metllods lost to the sort-merge methods cvcn though the SOI-TV merge methods must sort these large relations. Nonetheless  , the log-merge method does significantly improve result-set merging performance relative to a straightforward sort operation on relevance scores. This is hccausc the amount 01 work saved through sorting sig- nificantlv outweighs the work requir-cd IO pcrlol-m the sorts. However  , performing such a merge-sort on 1 ,200 GB of data is prohibitively expensive. Illustration of k-merge phases: Figure 3 gives an illustration of bitonic sort for m = 8. E.g. Since the output of merge join is pre-sorted in addition to being pre-partitioned on the city  , the grouping operator uses a sort-grouping strategy. While the sort is executing this merge step  , the available memory is reduced to 8 buffers. Since extra memory will help reduce the amount of I/O  , additional memory is very important to a sort in this stage. This is the same optimization done in the standard two-pass sort-merge join  , implemented by many database systems. Given two equal length lists of items  , sorted in opposing directions  , the bitonic merge procedure will create a combined list of sorted items. We treat merge joins as three different operations. When the number of runs is large relative to available memory  , multiple merge steps may be needed. The sort-and-merge includes sorting hash tables  , writing them to temporary run-files and merging the run-files into the final XML document. Instead of completing this step before performing Iv linal merge as discussed previously  , the sort operator can switch to the tinal merge directly. The final merge phase of the join can proceed only when the slower of these two operations is completed. On the other hand  , waiting increases the sort's response time. Large sorts were typically caused by sort-merge joins or groupby. Bitonic sort makes use of successive bitonic merges to fully sort a given list of items. So we adopt the variable-length two-way merge sort method. Transformation T 2 : Each physical join operator e.g. For the sake of clarity  , when illustrating query plans we omitted the class acc of the operator. In both systems large aggregations  , which often include large sort operations are widespread . I The sort merge methods can never execute laster than the time it takes to sort and scan the larger ol its relations. The nested loops join methods ar ? However  , note that a sort-merge anti-join cannot be used if the correlated query block is part of a procedure or function where as NISR can be used in this case. The sort-merge scmi ,join methods SSSRI and PSSM rcqulrc a similar numher of' disk acccsscs. This achieves better performance and scalability without sacrificing document ordering. We do not allow a sort to increase or decrease its work space arbitrarily but restrict the size to be within a specified range. The unit of memory adjustment is a data buffer plus the space for additional data structure for sorting. We now describe the details of k-merge phases. This increased our discovery rate by almost an order of magnitude. If many output tuples am generated  , the Hash Loop Join will perform better. The basic sort merge join first sorts the two input files. For VerticalSQL  , this involves selection on the key predicates  , fetching the tuples  , sorting them on Oid  , and doing a merge sort join. This property gets pushed down to Sort and then Merge. Instead of a complete sorting  , merge sort can serve the same purpose and save. Note that tuple substitution corresponds to the nested iteration method of join implementation BLAS77. We will discuss the results in Section 6.5. Their approach can be considered as the " opposite " of an N-way merge sort. In the remainder of this section we describe each of these methods in turn. However  , the sort-merge is done out-of-memory 5 . currently ilnplemented  , this could be optimized by COIIIbining the final merge with the separate merges inside the two calls to sort-when. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. The approach can be characterized as a generalization of an N-way merge sort. sort-merge for implementing the join instead of always using tuple substitution. an external sort deals with memory shortages by initiating a merge step that fits the remaining memory. This leads us to the important conclusion that pipelined strategy is optimal when database is memory resident  , because the sort-merge technique is useless. Our work falls in the class of sequential indexing. We rewrote the classifier and distiller to maximally exploit the I/O efficiency of sort-merge joins. Bitonic sort makes use of a key procedure called bitonic merge. There are two main problems in synopsis construction scenarios. Self joins of leaves and joins between two leaves are performed by using sort-merge join. We use a TRIE representation of variablelength character strings to avoid readjusting comparison starting points. In this case  , preliminary merge steps are required to reduce the number of runs before the final merge can be carried out. Along these lines it is beneficial to reuse available grouping properties  , usually for hash-based operators. Proceeding immediately without waiting may cause a small sort to rely on external merging or a sort with relatively few runs to resort to multiple merge steps. Having a sort order of the parameters across calls that matches the sort order of the inner query gives an effect similar to merge join. They presented the concept of interesting orderings and showed how redundant sort operations could be avoided by reusing available orderings  , rendering sort-based operators like sort-merge join much more interesting. The only difference between Bitonic/sample sort and Bitonic/sample merge is that the initial sorting step is not required because the local lists are already sorted. The buffers of the external sort can be taken away once it has been suspcndcd. Put another way  , the parent relation is clustered optimally for NL-SORT since it is in unique2 order. The data sites send sorted files directly to the host which ei& ciently " merges " them without doing sort key comparisons . In summary  , our variant of mergesort has three phases: an in-buffer sort phase which sorts data within a buffer  , an in-memory merge phase which produces runs by merging sorted buffers  , and an external merge phase which merges sorted runs. Besides the drawbacks of suspension and paging that we discussed in the introduction  , these hybrid approachcs would also prevent an external sort from taking advantage ol extra memory beyond the initially allocated amount Ihn may become available while the sort is in the merge phase. Our impiemcntation of paging works as follows: The external sort keeps a copy of the current tuple of each input run in its private work space  , where the tuples are merged. MergeTraces is essentially the merge function of merge sort  , using the position of events in the trace for comparison events in trace slices are listed chronologically. Result sets from each host name D for each topic were truncated at the top Cr |D| = 0.0005|D| documents  , rounding up to the next largest integer. At each level of this hierarchy   , only a single B+-tree exists unless a merge is currently performed   , which creates temporary trees. often turns out to be sub-optimal because of significant changes that occur in the external sort's memory allocation during the preliminary merge steps. The top performing topics from each of our sort merge and log merge experiments were used to investigate the effect of truncating the result sets before merging. We shall introduce this provision by continuing our earlier example. instead of first sorting all and then merging all the partitions  , we sort and immediately merge the partitions. For now we will only focus on the status of the 8-item list after the k-merge phases lists below dashed horizontal phase separators. If a memory shortage occurs  , causing the available memory to become less than the buffer requirement of the current merge step  , the sort operator can immediately stop the c , ,rrenl step  , split it into a number of sub-steps  , and then start execuling the lirst sub-step. The full merge is not very competitive in cost  , because each element is accessed  , but it is actually a tough competitor in terms of running time  , because of the significant bookkeeping overhead incurred by all the treshold methods. The assumption deviates from reality when there are no indices and the database chooses multi-way merge-sort joins. The first phase merges each even-indexed item index starts from 0 with the item immediately following it  , in alternating directions . We do not further discuss in-core merges. Our sort testbed is able to generate temporally skewed input based on the above model. Our initial intuition is that a sort-merge based join phase should be applied in this case. All the triplets are generated by performing a single pass over the output sorted file. We also assume that the host extracts tuples from the communication messages and returns them to the application program. We have presented efficient concurrency control and recovery schemes for both techniques . Alternatively  , if we can produce the path matches in the order of return nodes  , then the path join cannot use the efficient merge join method. Both CPU and I/O costs of executing a query are considered. Our next project is to extend the model so a.s to ha.ndlc multi-way joins and sort-merge joins. First  , both relations R and S are sorted on the join attribute by using an efficient sorting mechanism e.g. We study the scalability of our framework  , using the mapping in Example 1 and two other mappings derived from it. If the IGNITE optimizer chooses a sort-merge join for a query involving such sources  , the sorting operations will be executed by the engine of IGNITE. Figure 8shows an example of this technique in action. Thus  , the third heuristic is: 'The Cornell and Yu results apply to hash-based  , sort-merge  , and nested loops join methods. During the sorting phase  , tuples in a relation are first sorted into multiple ~~172s according to a certain sort key Knu73. While performing the decorrelation of NOT IN queries we assumed the availability of sort-merge anti-join. The previous section described how we can scan compressed tuples from a compressed table  , while pushing down selections and projections. We discuss four such operators next: index-scan  , hash join  , sort-merge join  , and group-by with aggregation. We studied two techniques to cluster data incrementally as it arrives  , one based on sort-merge and the other on hashing. unary operators including sequential scan  , index scan and clustered index scan ; l binary operators including nested join  , index join and sort-merge join ; . nary operator corresponding to pointer chasing. Obviously there is a lot of overhead in carrying around intermediate XML fragments. We Figure 2 : Three-tiered distributed sort on Cell  , using bitonic merge. By introducing this join and adjusting the optimization level for the the DB2 query optimizer  , we could generate the correct plans. Therefore  , the scan task is also responsible for returning the sorted records to the host site. If acute shortage of memory space occurs  , a sort in this phase could " roll back " its input and release the last buffers acquired. Instead  , one could implement a multi-pass on-disk merge sort within the reducer. In other words  , we do not carry out any comparison-based global sort or global merge at the host site. The most straightforward approach to deal with memory shortages that occur during the merge phase of an external sort is for the DBMS to suspend the external sort altogether. Hash Loop Joins w still have better performance than Sort/Merge gins  , but they may also be more expensive. While conceptually this is a very simple change  , it is somewhat more difficult in our setup as it would require us to open up and modify the TPIE merge sort. Since each partition of Emp is presorted  , it may be cheapest to use a sort-merge join for joining corresponding partitions. preliminary merge step. It then waits for all data sites to send their distribution tables. There must  , however  , be a very efficient inner loop which is executed a number of times proportional to the signature file size. We compute such a cuboid by merging these runs  , like the merge step of external sort  , aggregating duplicates if necessary . index join  , nested loops join  , and sort-merge join are developed and used to compare the average plan execution costs for the different query tree formats. These will be the candidate plans with early group-by. require both input streams to be co-located at the same site  , and the sort-merge flavor of JOIN requires both streams to be sorted on their respective join columns. The same redundancy arises in libraries that provide specialized implementations of functionalities already available in other components of the system. Like regular hash teams  , such sortbased query techniques are only attractive if the columns of at least some of the join and group-by operations are the same. In general  , such a change might make it more difficult to utilize existing  , highly optimized external sort procedures. After the split  , the sort immedialcly starts to work on the preliminary step. It is ideally suited for data already stored on a distributed file system which offers data replication as well as the ability to execute computations locally on each data node. In summary  , the plan generator considers and evaluates the space of plans where the joins have exactly two arguments . This implies that this procedure line 1-4 can be fully parallelized  , by partitioning the collection into sub-collections. We call such allowable plans MHJ plans. The sort-merge equijoin produces a result that is sorted and hence grouped on its join attributes c nationkey. If  , however  , any input is already sorted then the corresponding sort operation is unnecessary and the merge join can be pipelined. These modifications are very simple but are not presented here due to space limitations. If only few tuples match the join condition  , a Sort/Merge Join will need fewer disk accesses and will be faster. A similar situation arises when data is added to the system . To verify our intuition  , we implemented an inspection mechanism to detect nearly-sorted tuples. The dramatic improvement over university INGRES is due to the use of a sort-merge algo- rithm. On the other hand  , in a multiuser environment much less buffer space may actually be available. When the sort reaches the end of input or cannot acquire more buffer space  , it proceeds to the in-memory merge phase. It checks the available memory before each merge step and adjusts the fan-in accordingly. This step is combined with the computation of cuboids that are descendants of that cuboid. IICHI optimal. This was particularly important in the sort-merge  ,join cast. Thus  , an optimizer generates only a small number of interesting orders. Fcwcr pages for the heap-sort results in more merge passes; and fewer pages for the hash probiug may result in thrashing. It is not possible to accurately extrapolate the merge time that would be required for a full-sized database. If a team member checks-in some changes that are subsequently found to break previously checked-in code then there has been a breakdown of some sort. Note that PerfPlotter cannot guarantee that the worst-case paths will actually be explored due to the heuristics nature. In the first step we exclude from consideration query plans with nested-loop join operators  , while allowing every other operator including sort-merge and hash joins. More interestingly   , we can use a sort-merge join based approach to join the set of predicates with the set of tuples in the S-Data SteM. However the impact of hashing on the total time is small because the sort-merge dominates the total time. We now augment the sort merge outerjoin with compression shown in Figure 1 . As mentioned earlier  , the sort-merge join method is used. For SJSI\4  , the two relations are each sorted al their local sites first IO increase parallelism. As ohservcd in the mcasuremcnts at S ,  , the sort-merge methods require more disk accesses than the nested loops methods due IO sorting. Its software is much simpler and it does not need complex sort/merge packages using multiple intermediate disk accesses for composed queries. This makes possible to propose similar formulas with coefficients to estimate their costs. We have implemented block nested-loop and hybrid hash variants. The key observation when considering stop-&-go operators  , such as sorting used in aggregations  , merge joins  , etc. Sort-merge duplicate elimination also divides the input relation  , but uses physical memory loads as the units of division. We believe it should be reasonably easy to integrate our techniques into an existing database system. Note that runs may be of variable length because work space size may change between runs. Sort-merge join uses little memory for the actual join except when there are many rows with the same value for the join columns. Since only foreign keys that meet the ÑÑÒ ×ÙÔÔ condition are kept in the join node  , no redundant join is performed. Sort/merge-joins and sort-based aggregations can also be used to execute join/group-by queries. All subsequent passes of external sort are merge passes. Although uol. Since it is unlikely that all dimensions will be used for splitting  , a non-split dimension is used to sort the data-points in the leaves to be joined. In this study  , we will therefore explore a third alternative. When memory is released and there are multiple sorts waiting  , we must decide which sort to wake up. In order to distinguish the work between merging the sort keys and returning the sorted records to the host  , the data sites do not send sorted records to the host site until all the sort keys have been sent to the merge sites. We remind the reader that NL-SORT is essentially a sort-merge join -the child relation is sorted by its foreign key field and then the parent's clustered primary key index is used to retrieve corresponding parent records in physical order. I laving discussed how dynamic splitting breaks a merge step into sub-steps in response to a memory reduction  , we now present Ihc provision in the dynamic splitting strategy that allows an cxtemal sort to combine existing merge steps to take advantage of extra buffers as they become available. As a result  , any monitor number for merge-join input streams is unreliable unless we have encountered a " dam " operator such as SORT or TEMP  , which by materializing all rows ensures the complete scan and count of the data stream prior to the merge join. Finally  , NLJoin nested-loop join performs a nested-loop join with join predicate  , pred over its inputs with with the relation produced by left as the outer relation  , and the relation produced by right as the inner relation. The minimum amount of main memory needed by Sort/Merge is three disk block buffers  , because in the sort phase  , two input buffers and one output buffer are needed. We implement a simple  , pipelined σ physical operator  , and two flavors of join: sort-merge sort   , and hash hash . Both sort variants suffer from high CPU costs for sorting. However  , once M reaches 0.6 MBytes  , all three in-memory sorting methods produce fewer runs than the number of available buffers; thus  , there can be no further reduction in the number of merge steps until M grows to 20 MBytes  , at which point there will he a sudden drop in response time because it will then be possihlc IO sort the entire relation all at once in memory. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We create a separate file for each of the 560 super-hashes and then sort each super-hash file using an I/O-efficient merge sort. M one-pass is directly proportional to the factor S which represents the IO size used during the merge phase that produces the final sorted result. Our experiments include both full join queries as well as queries with a selection followed by a join. We rather do the merge twice  , outputting only the scores in the first round  , doing a partial sort of these to obtain the min-k score  , and then repeat the merge  , but this time with an on-the-fly pruning of all documents with a bestscore below that min-k score. As observed in the official TREC results from 2005 and 2006  , the log-merge method outperforms the sort-merge method regardless of whether the underlying collection is partitioned by web domain or partitioned by randomized web domains. The Classic Sort-Stop plan provides much better performance than the Conventional Sort plan as long as it is applicable; its curve stops at N = 10 ,000 because its sorted heap structure no longer fits in the buffer pool beyond that point. When getting two triple sets bound to two triple patterns  , a sort merge join is enough to work out the final results. We expect that as more approximate predicates become available  , normalized costs will drop. A large part of that memory is dedicated to SQL work areas  , used by sort  , hash-join  , bitmapindex merge  , and bitmap-index create operators. Because sorting is also a blocking operator as the hash operator  , there will be wait opportunities in the query plan which can be utilized by Request Window. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. Figure 5 shows the choices of sort-merge versus partitioning   , the possible sorting/partitioning attributes  , and the possible buffer allocation strategies. In this experiment. If the database contains data structures other than Btrees   , those structures can be treated similar to B-tree root nodes. It may be worth to point out  , however  , that prior research has suggested employing B-tree structures even for somewhat surprising purposes  , e.g. One contribution of this paper has been to show that a well-designed sort-merge based scheme performs better than hashing. In this section  , we give three examples of new algebraic operators that are well-suited for efficient implementation of nested OOSQL queries. Put contents of Input Buf fer2 to Aging The partitioned hash outerjoin is augmented with compression in a very similar manner to the sort merge outerjoin. Summarized briefly  , this result follows from the following reasoning: 1. It is important to note that orderpreserving hash join does preserve orderings  , but does not preserve groupings held of the outer relation. The newly written files then participate in an n-way sort-merge join to find query segments with the same protein id. Third  , in order to insure that the results of the various IC'SIS were nol hiased hy preceeding ones  , we had IO ensure that no lesl query was likely IO find useful pages sitting in the huffcr lrom its predecessors. There are two principles in the choice of join approach between hypergraph traversal and triple indices: 1 If the predicate of a triple pattern has a owl:cardinality property valued 1  , priority should be given to hypergraph traversal. For larger datasets  , this overhead gets amortized and Ontobroker comes out on top. Since the grammar productions are carried out in a topdown   , left-to-right fashion  , the grammar will build the output string from left to right. the merge-sort operation when its input becomes bigger than memory the contours of the discontinuities involved are similar to the equi-cost contours and the approach outlined above can be applied for approximating the cost func- Input: SPJ query q on a set of relations Q = {R 1   , . Usually  , interesting orders are on the join column of a future join  , the grouping attributes from the group by clause  , and the ordering attributes from the order by clause. For example  , AlphaSort 18  , a shared-memory based parallel external sort  , uses quicksort as the sequential sorting kernel and a replacement-selection tree to merge the sorted subsets. Although pushing sorting down to sources to accelerate sort-merge join is an attractive strategy in data integration applications  , it is only useful for multi-join based on a common attribute. In this section  , we will focus our attention on the techniques we have devised to optimize navigation over massive Web graphs. Other boxes cannot effectively use the indexed structure  , so only these two need be considered. Next  , the relation is sorted using a parallel merge sort on the partitioning attribute and the sorted relation is redistributed in a fashion that attempts to equalize the number of tuples at each site. When both lrclations arc large  , howcvcr  , as when hoth wcrc " tcnlhoustup " relations in our tests  , the optimal methods will he the pipclincd sort-merge methods. As a consequence of this observation  , we make an important observation in the arena of expert systems. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written to disk along with the tags. The access paths in a 3NF DSS system are often dominated by large hash or sort-merge joins  , and conventional index driven joins are also common. Those queries will be addressed in a subsequent paper. A sort-merge anti-join implementation if present and used would perform exactly same as NISR and hence we have not consider it here explicitly. 8 Merge creates a key which is the union of the keys of its inputs  , and preserves both functional dependencies that hold of its inputs. The 15 ms page I/O time setting assumes RCquential I/O without prefetching or disk buffering t.g. The " Find-sub-query " call on the merge-combine node is slightly different than on a normal combine node. Together  , these two factors slow down the performance of page over and above the performance penalty already imposed by the larger number of merge steps. Anti-Semijoin For an anti-semijoin El I ? The size of the inner relation could be used to make the division for Nested-Loop join queries. Without Indices  , university INGRES used a nested loops join in which the storage structure of a copy of the inner relation is converted to a hashed organization before the join is initiated Commercial INGRES used primarily sort-merge join techniques. Third  , we were interested in how the different systems took advantage of secondary indices on joining attributes   , when these were available. First  , low level operators in most commercial DBMSs are very similar  , for example  , scan  , index scan  , nested join  , sort merge join  , depth first pointer chasing  , etc.  Accent  , Punctuation  , Firstname  , Name Authority  Edit  , Sort Same  , Merge  , Delete  , Undo  Fold and Expand We will eventually explore all of these through a selection of examples using a variety of digital library systems. Interesting orders are those that are useful for later operations e.g. For Binary  , the selection on the key predicate is not required since each attribute has its own table which explains the slight performance advantage. However  , the difference is that navigation operators must now be implemented over the specialized structures used to represent Web graphs  , rather than as hash joins or sort-merge joins over relational tables. Figure 10: Join Redundancy -Composite Tuples the new data share many boolean factors. The " single data-multiple query " composite tuple Figure 10b can be used in conjunction with the sort-merge join based approach to apply the composite tuple to the Data SteM. The complexity is significantly smaller than the cost of running the original query because e s r i s typically much smaller than the cardinality of the corresponding relation. P and PM behave similarly the lines are parallel  , such that partition/merge retains its advantage . Sideway functions and sideway values are selectively employed by users for two purposes: a User-guided query output ranking and size control. However   , for hash joins optimizing memory usage is likely to be more significant thau CPU load balancing in marry cases and must therefore be considered for dynamic load balaucii in multi-user mode. In addition  , only the bypass plan and the DNF-based plan can easily use a sort-merge implementation of the second join operator semijoin on Cwork . For the sort-merge band join  , assuming that the memory is large enough so that both relations can be sorted in two passes each  , the I/O cost consists of three parts: R contain /R pages  , and let S cont'ain ISI pages  , and let  , F he the fraction of R pages that fit in memory. The curve for sort-merge is labeled SM; the curves for Grace partitioned band join and the hybrid partitioned band join are labeled GP and HP  , respectively. Here  , the common change in all plans across the switch-point is that the hash-join between relations PART and PARTSUPP is replaced by a sort-merge-join. Of the pipelined methods  , the nested loops join method outperformed the sort-merge method for this example. without materializing R when D or S when D. HERALD currently supports two strategies for obtaining access to deltas in connection with the hypothetical algebraic operators and other delta operators  , one based on hashing and the other on a sort-merge paradigm. Thus  , providing optimal support for h ,ash-based delta access requires the ability to dynamically partition the buffer pool belween these two tasks. The experiments that we performed with our datasets showed that the performance of R+-tree was better than R*-tree for our application. The only interesting orders that are generated are those that are due to choice of a join method e.g. In particular  , the ordering we have chosen for codewords – ordered by codeword length first and then within each length by the natural ordering of the values is a total order. So we can do sort merge join directly on the coded join columns  , without decoding them first. For many applications  , building the bounding representation can be performed as a precomputation step. According to experiment results  , a mapping with one more nesting level used about 20 more seconds on hashing. Thus Similarity-Seeker avoids the out-of-memory sort-merge performed by All-IPs with all the associated I/O and computational overheads. To compute the cost of a plan  , we built a simple query optimizer T&O based on predicate placement CS96  -our optimizer considered only sort-merge and hash-partitioned joins. When m is a power of 2  , bitonic sort lends itself to a very straight-forward non-recursive implementation based on the above description. Given an existing single-machine indexer  , one simple way to take advantage of MapReduce is to leverage reducers to merge indexes built on local disk. At this point the start position information is used to determine whether the segments occur in the correct order within the protein and if the proper gap constraints between them are met. We believe that such an implementation would slightly outperform MPBSM. The sorted data items in these buffers are next merge-sorted into a single run and written out to disk along with the tags. In terms of this approach  , LHAM can be considered to perform a 2-way merge sort whenever data is migrated to the next of Ii components in the LHAM storage hierarchy. The optimizer can consider the relative cost of tuple substitution nested iteration  for implementing the G-Joins and other e.g. there are additional factors that adversely affect the performance of the external sorts: When the actual number of buffers that an cxtcrnal sort has is smaller than the buffer requirement of an exeruling merge step  , the penalty in extra ~/OS that paging incurs is proportional to the extent of the memory discrepancy. Instead of inserting records into a B+-tree as they arrive  , they are organized in-memory into sorted runs. the reduction in the number of cache misses is much larger because of the partitioning and the relative overhead of making the partition is correspondingly much smaller. To reduce CPU cost for redundant comparisons between points in an any two nodes  , we first screen points which lie within c-distance from the boundary surface of other node and use sort-merge join for those screened points. Such violation can occur because presence of an appropriate order on relations can help reduce the cost of a subsequent sort-merge join since the sorting phase is not required. Transformation T 3 : Each index-scan operator in P is replaced with a table-scan operator followed by a selection operator  , where the selection condition is the same as the index-scan condition. So our approach is to heuristically use the equations obtained in Theorem 4  , Theorem 5  , and Corollary 6 to choose which tables need to be sampled and compute their sample sizes  , i.e. We will now describe a way to classify a large batch of documents using a sort-merge technique  , which can be written  , with some effort  , directly in SQL. The total number of operations is also proportional to this term because this query can be best run using Sort- Merge joins by always storing the histograms and the auxiliary relations in sorted order. For a particular class of star join queries  , the authors investigate the usage of sort-merge joins and a set of other heuristic op- timizations. The idea is to create unsorted sequences of records  , where each sequence covers a subset of the dataspace that is disjoint to the subsets covered by the other sequences. This file is sorted lexicography using external memory merge sort such that all identical keyword pairs appear together in the output. When necessary  , Ontobroker builds the appropriate indices to speed up query evaluation  , and  , when multiple CPUs are available  , it parallelizes the computation . To the best' of our knowledge  , currently systems implement band joins using eitfher nested loops or sort.-merge. Nore the similarity in the shapes and relative positions of the curves to those generated by the analytical model  , shown in Figure 1. After sorting   , the join computation at the next level can then start based on the ordered indexes. A more efficient implementation of SSSJ would feed the output of the merge step of the TPIE sort directly into the scan used for the plane-sweep  , thus eliminating one write and one read of the entire data. Finally  , the optimher can often pipeline operations if the intermediate results are correctly grouped or ordered  , thereby avoiding the cost of storing temporaries which is basically the only advantage of tuple substitution. Using a data structure which maintains the edges in the sorted order of edgeIDs  , the redundant edge elimination step can be implemented using a sort-merge based scheme. This modified combine node uses the individual index scans on fragments to get sorted runs that are merged together to sort the entire relation. For example  , one can join two 450 megabyte objects by reading both into main memory and then performing a main-memory sort-merge. The resulting one record temporary will reside in main memory where a single extra page fetch will obtain the matching values from R3. Evaluating the k+1 th predicate  , however  , will further cut down on the number of protein ids that emerge from the merge join  , which in turn reduces the number of protein tuples that have to be retrieved. By these  , and a bag of other tricks  , we managed to keep the overhead for maintaining the state-information a small fraction of the essential operations of reading and merging blocks of pairs of document ids and score  , sorted by document id. Moreover  , many data sources do not support sorting operation  , which only accept queries with the input of a target relation and a selection predicate  , although the query form does not always follow the SQL syntax. To determine the amount of paging disk I/OS acceptable for a hash join  , it should be considered that paging I/OS are random acesses on the paging disk  , while file I/OS of sort/merge and hybrid joins have sequential access patterns. Since the tuples within each block are sorted by timestamp  , a merge sort is employed to retrieve the original order of tuples across the different blocks in the run. In the next step we sort the resulting clusters by their total size in lines in decreasing order  , such that according to property iv  , the largest clusters should contain the main text blocks. Conceptually  , HERALD represents a delta as a collection of pairs Ri  , R ,  , specifying the proposed inserts and deletes for each relation variable R in the program. The result is that the external sort is less vulnerable to memory shor- Iilges in the first step  , but becomes more vulnerable in the final step due IO the larger number of runs that are left until the final s~cp. For ESTER  , we implemented a particularly efficient realization of a hash join which exploits that the word ranges of our queries are small. But  , in the same picture  , there are switch-points occurring at 26% and 50% in the PARTSUPP selectivity range  , that result in a counter-intuitive non-monotonic cost behavior   , as shown in the corresponding cost diagram of Fig- ure 11b . Among the nested loops methods  , the sequential ones have higher disk costs than the pipelined methods due to the storage and retrieval of the received relation; this is especially true for the sequential join case SJNL  , which builds an index on the received relation at S ,. The purpose of the calibrating database is to use it to calibrate the coefficients in the cost formulae for any given relational DBMS. Assume that nested loop and sort-merge are the only two methods . For now  , for the problem at hand  , we will illustrate how with CSN we can direct the ACM Digital Library to recognize the two separate occurrences of Rüger's as one with the Firstname action. We consider a slightly more complicated example query with this operator " List for big cities their population number as a percentage of their state's population " : D cities select The smjoin operator performs a sort/merge join. This poses the following two major predicatability problems: the problem of predicting how the system will execute e.g  , use index or sequntial scan  , use nested loop or sort merge a given query; the problem of eliminating the effect of data placement   , pagination and other storage implementation factors that can potentially distort the observations and thus lead to unpredictable behavior. In this region  , increasing M leads to fewer sorted runs at the end of the split phase  , and hence lower disk seek costs when the runs are merged; this accounts for the slight reductions in response time at the right-hand side of Figure 5. The NS query still uses naive Map lookup  , but sorts the physical OIDs before accessing S. When comparing NS with SS  , sorting the flattened R tuples for the Map lookup does not pay off because the Mup is smaller than 2 MB For 1 MB the sort-based plans are out of the range of the curve because for such small memory configurations they need several merge phases. We then apply the sort and merge procedure addling the counts from matching content- ID C content-ID pairs to produce a list of all <content-ID  , content-ID  , count> triplets sorted by the first content-ID and the second content-ID. To quantify the effects on IR performance due to the merge methods used as well as the effects due to eliminating the natural corpus structure defined by web domains by dividing the corpus arbitrarily with respect to the document content at index-time  , the mean values of the MAP taken over the merged resultsets from 149 automatically extracted queries applied to the domain partition and the randomized domain partition are recorded in Table 5. Run dijkstra search from the final node as shown in Fig.6. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. There are  , however  , important differences. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. Dijkstra's point was important then and no less significant now. Boolean assertions in programming languages and testing frameworks embody this notion. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. We are reaching the point where we are willing to tie ourselves down by declaring in advance our variable types  , weakest preconditions  , and the like. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. While this heuristic captures some information about obstacles in the environment  , it does not account for the orientation of the robot. We used the idea of motion compression in order to apply Dual Dijkstra Search to motion planning of 7 DOF arm. The latter corresponds to placing a state-dependent conditions akin to Dijkstra guards on the servicing of PI operation 12 HRT-UML draws from the Ravenscar Profile the restrictions on the use of these invocation constraints. E. W. Dijkstra  , in his book on structured pro- gramming 7   , describes a backtracking solution with pruning   , which we implemented in Java for the purpose of our experiment. We will see that there is a direct route from Newton via Dijkstra to the programme put forward by Gaudel and her collaborators 7 ,8. Accordingly  , the marking agent successively examines all the reachable objects  , In order to remember which objects have already been examined  , and which ones still need to be  , the agent uses three color marking  , a method introduced by Dijkstra et al. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. Depending on the result of the graph search  , the robot will approach and follow another street repeat the corresponding actions in the plan  , or stop if the crossing corresponds to the desired destination. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. The automatic generation of weakest assumptions has direct application to the assume-guarantee proof; it removes the burden of specifying assumptions manually thus automating this type of reasoning. We will briefly examine why these ideas are misguided based as they are on intuition about the nature of testing and how they may be reformulated to take account of scientific principles. This is shown in Figure 2c  , where a state with a smaller Dijkstra distance heuristic was sampled in the narrow passage. Algebraic axioms are particularly apt for describing the relationships between operations and for indicating how these operations are meant to be used. We also foresee that pruned landmark trees could be dynamically updated under edge insertions and deletions using techniques similar to those outlined in Tretyakov et al. To copy otherwise  , to republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. The methods were presented for the case of undirected unweighed graphs  , but they can be generalized to support weighted and directed graphs by replacing BFS with Dijkstra traversal and storing two separate trees for each landmark – one for incoming paths and another for outgoing ones. To make software evolution easier  , Dijkstra 9 and Parnas 18 recommended that any particular program be developed as though it is a member of a family of potential programs that share some common properties  , facilitated through appropriate abstraction of these commonalities. Among the more important concepts in systems  , languages  , and programming methodology during the last several years are those of data type Hoare 72  , clean control structure Dijkstra 72  , Hoare 74  , and capability-based addressing Fabry 74. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. The concept of program families evolved into the notion that reusable assets focused on a well-defined domain  , in the context of a domain-specific architecture  , show more promise in reducing development time 2 ,6 ,22. This ratio inand hence ~speedupnducsll~thesquarerootoftheradiusofthe largest domain  , and hence our earlier observation that the benefit of our scheme decreases as the domains am made bigger by decreasing the total manber of domains. These concepts are contributing to an increasingly coherent object-oriented view of programming  , manifested in the language developments of the Alphard and CLU groups Jones/Liskov 76  , in the systems work of Hydra at Carnegie-Mellon Wulf 74  , Wulf 75 and similar systems e.g. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. Probabilistic CLIR. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. In dictionary-based CLIR queries are translated into the language of documents through electronic dictionaries. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. There might be two possible reasons. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The results are available in tab. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. This is importmt in a CLIR environment. Automatic phrase identification methods have been developed for CLIR environment Ballesteros & Croft  , 1997 . It also shows that monolingual performance is not necessarily the upper bound of CLIR performance. Moving from the global perspective to an individual level  , CLIR is useful  , for example  , for the people  , who are able to understand a foreign language  , but have difficulty in using it actively. The focus of this paper is on machine learning-based CLIR approaches and on metrics to measure orthogonality between these systems. Translation experiments and CLIR experiments are based on the CLEF topic titles C041-C200  , which are capitalized  , contain stopwords and full word forms. Technical terms and proper names constitute a major problem in dictionary-based CLIR  , since usually just the most commonly used technical terms and names are found in translation dictionaries. Direct comparison to techniques based on language modeling would be more difficult to interpret because vector space and language modeling handle issues such as smoothing and DF differently. In addition to the ambiguity problem  , each of the approaches to CLIR has drawbacks associated with the availability of resources. In this paper  , we look at CLIR from a statistical modelling perspective  , similarly to how the problems of part-of-speech tagging  , speech recognition  , and machine translation have been  , successfully  , approached. Dictionary based CLIR was explored by several groups including New Mexico State University 8  , University of Massachusetts l  , and the Xerox Research Center Europe ll. An overview of the technical issues involved in supporting CLIR within the European Library with a specific focus on user query translation can be found in Agosti1. It is certainly true that nonparticipants might have more difficulties in interpreting their results based on the small size of the CLIR pool  , as Twenty-One points out. In English-Chinese CLIR  , pre-translation query expansion means using a separate English collection for pretranslation retrieval in order to expand the English query with highly associated English terms. Our experiments of CLIR showed that the triple translation has a positive impact on the query translation  , and results in significant improvements of CLIR performance over the co-occurrence method. Finding translations in general dictionaries for CLIR encounters the problems of the translation of unknown queries -especially for short queries and the availability of up-to-date lexical resources. It has been suggested that CLIR can potentially utilize the multiple useful translations in a bilingual lexicon to improve retrieval performance Klavans and Hovy  , 1999. Section 3 then introduces our meaning matching model and explains how some previously known CLIR techniques can be viewed as restricted implementations of meaning matching . Research on CLIR has therefore focused on three main questions: 1 which terms should be translated ? Although not strictly an upper bound because of expansion effects  , it is quite common in CLIR evaluation to compare the effectiveness of a CLIR system with a monolingual baseline. More generally  , this research is motivated by the fact that  , relative to dictionaries and collection based strategies  , thesauri remain unexplored in the recent CLIR context. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. Even though precomputation can improve the efficiency of our system as we discussed earlier  , we expect MT-based CLIR would still be faster due to a sparser term-document matrix. One might wonder whether we can use the Arabic monolingual thesaurus to improve CLIR. The left graph shows a comparison of doing English-German CLIR using the alignments  , the wordlist or the combination of both. Research in CLIR explores techniques for retrieving documents in one language in response to queries in a different language. The most obvious approach to CLIR is by either translating the queries into the language of the target documents or translating the documents into the language of the queries. The problem of multilingual text retrieval has a long history. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the situation where the query that a user presents to an IR system  , is not in the same language as the corpus of documents being searched. However  , as the translation resource is constant across the experiments in the paper  , we were confident this would not affect the comparison of triangulation to other CLIR techniques. Thus  , it is important for a translation system based CLIR approach to maintain the uncertainty in translating queries when queries are ambiguous. OOV problem consists of having a dictionary that is not able to completely cover all terms of a language or  , more generally  , of a domain . These components interact  , respectively  , with the MT services and with the domain-specific ontology deployed on the CLIR system. The goal of the presented study was the investigation on the effectiveness of integrating semantic domain-specific resources  , like ontologies  , into a CLIR context. We obtained monolingual baselines for each language pair by retrieving documents with TD queries formulated from search topics that are expressed in the same language as the documents. Scanning the papers of CLIR Track participants in TREC-9 and TREC-2001  , we observe a trend toward the fusion of multiple resources in an attempt to improve lexical coverage. We also show how to use the alignments to extend the classical CLIR problem to a scenario where mono-and cross-language result lists are merged. In CLIR  , queries are translated from the source language to the target language  , and the original and translated queries are used to retrieve documents in both the source and targeted languages. This strategy works well with many relevant documents retrieved in the initial top n  , but is less successful when the initial retrieval effectiveness is poor  , which is commonly the case in CLIR where initial retrieval performance is affected by translation accuracy see  , e.g. However  , research funding by such projects as TIDES 1   , indicates that there is a need  , within intelligence organisations at least  , for CLIR systems using poor translation resources and pivots. Contributions. Indeed  , the impressive CLIR performance was typically observed in the following settings: 1 test documents were general-domain news stories i.e. Let L1 be the source language and L2 be the target language in CLIR  , all our corpus-based methods consist of the following steps: 1. Benchmarked using TREC 6 French to English CLIR task  , CLQS demonstrates higher effectiveness than the traditional query translation methods using either bilingual dictionary or commercial machine translation tools. Davis and Dunning 1996 and Davis 1997 also found that the performance of MRD-based CLIR queries was much poorer than that of monolingual queries. A common problem with past research on MT-based CLIR is that a direct comparison of retrieval results with other approaches is difficult because the lexical resources inside most commercial MT systems cannot be directly accessed. Tools for CLIR such as dictionaries are not universally available in every language needed or in every domain covered in digital libraries. Thirteen groups participated in the CLIR track introduced in TREC-6  , with documents and queries in German   , English  , French and queries in Dutch and Spanish as well. Interestingly  , this assumption yielded good results in the English-F'rench CLIR runs. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. This paper has proposed an approach to automatically translate unknown queries for CLIR using the dynamic Web as the corpus. The obtained experimental results have shown its effectiveness in efficiently generating translation equivalents of various unknown query terms and improving retrieval performance for conventional CLIR approaches. The most important difference between them is the fact that CLIR is based on queries  , consisting of a few words only  , whereas in CLTC each class is defined by an extensive profile which may be seen as a weighted collection of documents. In developing techniques for CLTC  , we want to keep in mind the lessons learned in CLIR. At query time  , the CLIR system may perform the construction of three types of queries  , starting from the ones formulated by users  , based on the system configuration: 1. CLIR systems need to be robust enough to tackle textual variations or errors both at the query end and at the document end. Explicitly expressing term dependency relations has produced good results in monolingual retrieval 9  , 18   , but extending that idea to CLIR has not proven to be straightforward. Query translation approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR can be pursued either by applying a machine translation MT system or by using a token-to-token bilingual mapping. Even for Spanish- Chinese CLIR  , we used the English projection to place documents of both languages in the reduced space where the actual CLIR-task is performed. However  , when MRD translation was supplemented with parts-of-speech POS disambiguation  , or POS and corpus-based disambiguation   , CLIR queries performed much better. We propose that translating pieces of words sequences of n characters in a row  , called character n-grams can be as effective as translating words while conveying additional benefits for CLIR. In pure thesaurus based retrieval  , documents and queries are matched through their thesaurus based representations   , with document representations derived by an indexer and query representations provided by users. As summarized by Schauble and Sheridan 24  the TREC- 6 CLIR results appear consistent with previous results in that the performances typically range between 50 and 75% of the corresponding monolingual baselines. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Soergel describes a general framework for the use of multilingual thesauri in CLIR 27   , noting that a number of operational European systems employ multilingual thesauri such as UDC and LCSH for indexing and searching. Query translation  , which aims to translate queries in one language into another used in documents  , has been widely adopted in CLIR. Its correct Chinese translations result in average precision AP of 0.5914 for CLIR. Section 4 then describes the design of an experiment in which three variants of meaning matching are compared to strong monolingual and CLIR baselines. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. One of the simplest yet well performing approaches to CLIR is based on query translation using an existing Statistical Machine Translation SMT system which is treated as a black box. The fact that our approach outperformed one of the best commercial MT systems indicates that some specific translation tools designed for query translation in CLIR may be better than on-the-shelf MT systems. For evaluating the effectiveness of the CLIR system  , different standard metrics have been adopted. We also presented a revised version of the co-occurrence model. For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . Recently  , approaches exploiting the use of semantics have been explored. Both NUS and NIfWP queries were divided into two subtypes  , structured and unstructured queries. However  , the performance can be improved by supplemental methods and by structuring of queries. CLIR typically involve translating queries from one language to another. In Section 2  , we review previous work on CLIR using query translation  , document translation  , and merged result sets. We proposed and evaluated a novel approach to extracting bilingual terminology from comparable corpora in CLIR. Exploiting different translation models revealed to be highly effective. In this paper  , we proposed a method to leverage click-through data to extract query translation pairs. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. From a statistical perspective  , the CLIR problem can be formulated as follows. This phenomenon motivates us to explore whether a query term should be translated or not. Still others are affected by the translation quality obtained. Score normalisation is not necessary for the web task  , but is relevant for other tasks like CLIR and topic tracking. Conventionally CLIR approaches 4 ,7 ,8 ,12 ,21 have focused mainly on incorporating dictionaries and domain-specific bilingual corpora for query translation 6 ,10 ,18. This is also observed in our experiments. The advantage of the dictionary-based approach is also twofold. We contrast and compare our recent work as CLIR/DLF postdoctoral fellows placed in three different institutions 2. On English-Chinese CLIR  , our focus was put on finding effective ways for query translation. 4a comparison of the retrieval results for the 25 queries. We have a large English-Chinese bilingual dictionary from LDC. Finally  , Section 8 states some conclusions. The above experiment demonstrates the effectiveness of using CLQS to suggest relevant queries for CLIR enhancement. The runs which do candidate selection fig. Corpus based methods have also been investigated independent of dictionaries. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Applying the research results in that area will be helpful. The effect on CLIR queries was small  , as the Finnish queries did not have many phrases. Therefore the main task in CLIR is not translating sentences but translating phrases. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR deals with the problem of finding documents written in a language different from the one used for query formulation. Two reports have measured retrieval performance as a function of resources for English-Chinese retrieval. Therefore  , it gives a good indication on the possible impact on query translation. The CLIR model described in 5 is based on the following decomposition: In particular  , the models proposed in 5  , 18  , 1 are considered. Large English- Chinese bilingual dictionaries are now available. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase  , most of the differences are not significant. Groups experimenting with such approaches during this or former CLIR tracks include Eurospider  , IBM and the University of Montreal. A second approach we used for translation is based on automatic dictionary lookup. In this paper  , we explore several methods to improve query translation for English-Chinese CLIR. We evaluate the three proposed query translation models on CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese collections. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. Pair-wise pvalues are shown in Table 4. Some should-not-betranslated terms inherently suffer from their ineffectiveness in CLIR. In CLIR  , given the expense of translation  , a user is likely to be interested in the top few retrieved documents. However  , it is often a reasonable choice to transliterate certain OOV words  , especially the Named Entities NEs. There are several ways to cross the language barriers in CLIR systems. Section 2 presents an overview of the works carried out in the field of CLIR systems. The Arabic topics were used in our monolingual experiments and the English topics in our CLIR experiments. Within the project Twenty-One a system is built that supports Crosslanguage Information Retrieval CLIR. Query translation is usually selected for practical reasons of eeciency. Thecompared AveP and G AveP. However  , it should be stressed that MT and IR have widely divergent concerns. Half of the topics shows an increase in average precision  , the other half a decrease. Section 3 describes our CLIR experiments with and without our automatically discovered dictionary entries. Results are presented and discussed in Section 4. They concluded that even if the translation ambiguity were solved correctly  , only limited improvement can be obtained. 3 9 queries with monolingual average precision higher than CLIR. This makes it worth finding how effective CHI is in CLIR when compared to WM1. 16  develops a cross-lingual relevancy model by leveraging the crosslingual co-occurrence statistics in parallel texts. In Section 3  , we presented a discriminative model for cross lingual query suggestion. The following list of user requirements related to CLIR was derived: Together with the observation notes  , the scenarios served to identify key factors for system design. In cross-language IR either documents or queries have to be translated. The last section summarizes this work and outlines directions for future work. We induced a bilingual lexicon from the translated corpus by treating the translated corpus as a pseudo-parallel corpus. The system achieved roughly 90% of monolingual performance in retrieving Chinese documents and 85% in retrieving Spanish documents. We define translation  , expansion  , and replacement features. Another group of useful features are CLIR features. To overcome the language barrier in cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , either queries or documents are translated into the language of their counterparts. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. One reason is simply the cost of existing linguistic resources  , such as dictionaries. Another problem associated with the dictionary-based method is the problem in translating compound-noun phrases in a query. In this section  , we describe the approach we have adopted for addressing the CLIR problem. A gold standard that  , for each query  , provides the list of the relevant documents used to evaluate the results provided by the CLIR system. SMT-based CLIR-methods clearly outperform all others. In the following sections  , we first describe the system and the language resources employed for the TREC-8 CLIR track. In TREC-10 the Berkeley group participated only in the English-Arabic cross-language retrieval CLIR track. one such technique of implementing fuzzy text search for CLIR to solve the above mentioned problems. Thus  , the previous studies show that simple MRD-based CLIR queries perform poorly. Previous studies McCarley  , 1999 suggested that such a combination can improve CLIR performance. Research in the area of cross-language information retrieval CLIR has focused mainly on methods for translating queries. In particular we concentrate on the comparison of various query translation methods. We have explored a CLIR method for MEDLINE using only the multilingual Metathesaurus for query translation . Such approaches pursue the reduction of erroneous or irrelevant translations in hope that the CLIR performance could approach to that of monolingual information retrieval MIR. NTCIR test collection and SMART retrieval system were used to evaluate the proposed strategies in CLIR. Results showed that larger lexicon sources  , phrase translation  , and disambiguation techniques improve CLIR performance significantly and consistently on TREC-9 corpus. However  , MT systems are available for only a few pairs of languages. In comparison with MT  , this approach is more flexible. Many questions need to be answered. This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. In this work  , we have presented a CLIR system based on the combination of the usage of domain-specific multilingual ontologies i for expanding queries and ii for enriching document representation with the index in a multilingual environment. However  , except for very early work with small databases 22   , there has been little empirical evaluation of multilingual thesauri controlled vocabularies in the context of free-text based CLIR  , particularIy when compared to dictionary and corpus-based methods. There have been three main approaches to CLIR: translation via machine translation tectilques ~ad94; parallel or comparable corpora-based methods lJX195aj LL90  , SB96  , and dictionary-based methods Sa172 ,Pev72  , HG96  , BC96. CLIR has received more attention than any other querytime replacement problem in recent years  , and several effective techniques are now known. In the last decade  , however  , with the growth in the number of Web users  , the need of facing the problem of the language barriers for exchanging information has notably increased and the need for CLIR systems in everyday life has become more and more clear the recent book by J.-Y. Since the main goal of the presented work consists of exploring the impact of domain-specific semantic resources on the effectiveness of CLIR systems  , in our investigations we will focus on the strategies for matching textual inputs to ontological concepts applied to both the query and the documents in the target collection rather than on the translation of the textual query. It is caused by that statistical features reflect the underlying distribution of translated terms in the document collection  , and also that CLIR features reveal the degree of translation necessity. We have demonstrated that using statistical term similarity measures to enhance the dictionary-based query-translation CLIR method  , particularly in term disambiguation and query expansion  , can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness. Post-hoc CLIR results are reported on all 75 topics from TREC 2001 and TREC 2002. One reason is that ad-hoc CLEF tasks evaluate CLIR systems as a whole; there is no direct comparison of alternative solutions for specific system components  , such as translation strategies given a fixed set of translation resources  , or resource acquisition techniques given a fixed translation strategy. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. MRD-based approaches demonstrated to be effective for addressing the CLIR problem ; however  , when CLIR systems are applied to specific domains  , they suffer of the " Out-Of-Vocabulary " OOV issue 7. A plethora of literature about cross lingual information retrieval CLIR exists. These methods follow a very similar pattern: the query 28 or the target document set 3 is automatically translated and search is then performed using standard monolingual search. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file formats  , such as e.g. Jeff Rothenberg together with CLIR 25  envision a framework of an ideal preservation surrounding for emulation. Emulation requires sufficient knowledge from the user about the computer environment and dependencies of components. In both works  , the results demonstrated that the idea of using domain specific resources for CLIR is promising. Since then  , research in CLIR has grown to cover a wider variety of languages and techniques. Such a technique has been shown to improve CLIR performance. This more general problem will also be investigated in the CLIR track for the upcoming TREC-7 conference. Quality assessment independent of a specific application will be discussed in the following  , whereas an evaluation of the alignments for use in CLIR can be found in section 4. There are various reasons for textual variations like spelling variations  , dialectal variations  , morphological variations etc. The English NL/S and NUWP queries that provided the basis for Finnish queries  , were also used as baselines for CLIR queries see Figure 1. The syn-operator treats its operand search keys as instances of the same key. One possible way by which structuring disambiguates CLIR queries is that it enforces " conjunctive " relationships between search keys. Translating pieces of words seems odd. In this paper  , we proposed several approaches to improve dictionary-based query translation for CLIR. The latter runs the decoder directly with the new weights. WE-VS. Our new retrieval model which relies on the induction of word embeddings and their usage in the construction of query and document embeddings is described in sect. Sometimes such expressions are written identically in different languages and no translation is needed. CLIR systems' proven ability to rank news stories might not transfer readily to other genres such as medical journal articles – a point also raised by 16. We outline the corpus-based CLIR methods and a MT-based approach  , with pointers to the literature where detailed descriptions can be found. All of the correlation values exceed 0.6  , and therefore are statistically highly significant. We propose a novel approach to learning from comparable corpora and extracting a bilingual lexicon. Successful translation of OOV terms is one of the challenges of CLIR. A Chinese topic contains four parts: title  , description  , narrative and key words relevant to whole topic. This implies users would prefer them  , but the technique is rarely deployed in actual IR systems. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. Interestingly  , both systems obtained best results by using French as source language 4 . Disambiguation of multiplesense terms by estimating co-occurrence for each chandi- date3 has also shown evident accuracy enhancement. In this section  , we discuss the effect of translating OOV and non-OOV query terms on CLIR. For those ineffective OOV terms LRMIR < 0  , not-translating such terms is beneficial to CLIR performance. We also verify that translating should-be-translated terms indeed helps improve CLIR performance across various translation methods   , retrieval models  , and benchmarks. According to the authors  , it appears that document translation performs at least as well as query translation. For TREC-6  , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST Schäuble and Sheridan  , 1998. They found that users were able to reliably assess the topical relevance of translated documents . Only the umd99b1" and umd99c1" runs contributed to the relevance assessment pools. But in our CLIR system  , in some degree  , word disambiguation has not taken some obvious affect to retrieval efficiency. After that  , we submit four runs for CLIR official evaluation this year. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. With our TREC-8 submission  , we are in a position to assess how well our techniques extend to European languages. For CLIR involving more than two languages  , we decompose the task into bilingual retrieval from the source language to the individual target languages  , then merge the retrieval results. While there is little research on using syntactic approaches for resolving translation ambiguity for CLIR  , linguistic structures have been successfully exploited in other applications. This study explores the relationship between the quality of a translation resource and CLIR performance. The upper two figures are for AP88-89 dataset  , and the lower two are for WSJ87-88 dataset. Arabic  , the same retrieval system was also used for monolingual experiments. The TREC-9 collection contains articles published in Hong Kong Commercial Daily  , Hong Kong Daily News  , and Takungpao. As discussed earlier  , direct comparisons with other techniques have been a problem because lexicons in most MT systems are inaccessible. Table 3shows the retrieval results of our CLIR system on TREC5C and TREC9X. Once a list of monolingual results has been retrieved in each collection   , all the lists are merged to produce a multilingual result list. In cultures where people speak both Chinese and English  , using mixed language is a common phenomenon. On English-Chinese CLIR of TREC5 and TREC6  , we obtained 75.55% of monolingual effectiveness using our approach. The main aim of our participation in the cross-language track this year was to try different combinations of various individual cross-language information retrieval CLIR approaches. This is because even though we invested considerable effort  , we were not able to locate an offthe-shelf German Italian machine translation system. shows Kendall's rank correlations with the NTCIR-3 CLIR Chinese data for all pairs of IR metrics considered in this study. We used the English document collection from the NTCIR- 4 1 CLIR task and the associated 50 Chinese training topics. We therefore omitted Model 4 for the English- Chinese pair. The wordlist contains about 145 ,000 entries. Thus  , we both use a Japanese corpus to validate the hypothetical katakana sequences. The co-occurrence technique can also be used to reduce ambiguity of term translations. Similarly to last year  , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. Another advantage of the proposed method is that it can automatically extract the popular sense of the polysemous queries. Nevertheless  , it is arguable that accurate query translation may not be necessary for CLIR. For example  , in 12  , syntactic dependency was exploited for resolving word sense ambiguity. Our experimental results will show that the probabilistic model may achieve comparable performances to the best MT systems. The results we have obtained already showed clearly the feasibility of using Web parallel documents for model training. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. In previous work on direct word-for-word translation  , Ballesteros and Croft 1 reported CLIR effectiveness 60% below monolingual. Our comparable results for the direct run indicated performance 81% below monolingual. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Disambiguation strategies are typically employed to reduce translation errors. Thus  , our second measure is average interpolated precision at 0.10 recall. We utilize linguistic Ling  , statistical Stat  , and CLIR features f si of query term si to capture its characteristics from different aspects. CLIR features are the key to learning what characteristics make a term favorable or adverse for translation. Note that the English and Chinese documents are not parallel texts. Realizing what factors determine translation necessity is important. Both tasks use topic models to retrieve similar documents. We distinguish preretrieval and post-retrieval data merging methods. A key resource for many approaches to cross-language information retrieval CLIR is a bilingual dictionary bidict. Query translation research has developed along two broad directions  , typically referred to as " dictionary-based " and " corpus-based " techniques. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Researchers have used various language pairs Copyright is held by the author/owner. The probabilistic approach will be compared empirically with two popular CLIR techniques  , structural query translation and machine translation MT. Studies that used MT systems for CLIR include Ballesteros and Croft 1998; Oard 1998. WEAVER was used to induce a bilingual lexicon for our approach to CLIR. Its performance is around 85% of monolingual retrieval. Term disambiguation has been a subject of intensive study in CLIR Ballesteros  , 1998. The paper will also offer explanations  , why these methods have positive effects. This has a depressing effect on CLIR performance  , as such expressions are often prime keys in queries. Besides the above phrase translation method  , we also use another two methods in our Chinese-English CLIR system: CEMT-based method and dictionary-based method. These context-sensitive token translation probabilities can then be used in the same way as context-independent probabilities. Migration requires the repeated conversion of a digital object into more stable or current file format. Section 3 discusses methods for evaluating the alignments and section 4 shows the application of alignments in a CLIR system. For application in a CLIR system  , pairs from classes 1 through 4 are likely to help for extracting good terms. A technique for translating queries indirectly using parallel corpora has been proposed by Sheridan & Ballerini 19  , 20. In this paper  , we present an approach facing the third scenario. This problem has been addressed in two different ways in the literature. In the provided evaluation   , the gold standard was manually created by the domain experts. This further enrichment of the documents representation permits to increase the effectiveness of the CLIR system. However  , the combined use of the two ontologies is destructive with respect to the use of the sole Organic. Lingua one. Our method of fuzzy text search could be used in any type of CLIR system irrespective of their underlying retrieval models. The former reuses hypergraphs/lattices produced with the MIRA-tuned weights and applies new weights to find an alternative  , CLIR-optimized  , derivation. The user may not be proficient at reading a foreign language  , so could not be expected to look through more than the top retrieved documents. Figure 2: Comparison of CLIR performance on heterogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. In 19  , for example  , an IR-like technique is used to find statistical association between words in two languages. The use of the combined dictionary is motivated by previous studies 9  , 17  , which showed that larger lexicon resource improves CLIR performance significantly. EuroWordNet has a small phrase vocabulary  , which we anticipated would reduce the effectiveness of our CLIR system. Many applications of CLIR rely on large bilingual translation resources for required language pairs. Hence  , this approach bears high potential for CLIR tasks. The problem of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR extends the information retrieval framework by assuming that queries and documents are not in the same language. Particular difficulties exist in languages where there are no clearly defined boundaries between words as is the case with Chinese text. For example  , AbdulJaleel and Larkey describe a transliteration technique 1  that they successfully applied in English- Arabic CLIR. English stop words were removed from the English document collection  , and the Porter stemmer 13  was used to reduce words to stems. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. No statistically significant improvements over the baseline were observed for the fine fax resolution or the standard fax resolution not shown. In section 4  , we describe the use of query expansion techniques. In CLIR  , queries can be expanded prior to translation  , after translation or both before and after translation. 3 9 queries with monolingual Avg. P higher than CLIR. On its own the CLIR approach gives varying results: some topics benefit from the reweighting of important query terms and the expansion with tokens related to the detected biomedical concepts. One Arabic monolingual run and four English-Arabic cross-language runs were submitted. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 11. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. extracted from parallel sentences in French and English  , the performance of CLIR is improved. We investigate the retrieval ability of our new vector space retrieval model based on bilingual word embeddings by comparing it to the set of standard MoIR and CLIR models. LM-UNI  , which was the best scoring MoIR model  , is now outscored by the other two models which rely on structured semantic representations. For a parallel corpus  , we use Brown et al's statistical machine translation models Brown et al  , 1993 to automatically induce a probabilistic bilingual lexicon. The syn-operator was used in structured CLIR queries; the words of the same facet were combined by the syn-operator. Disambiguation through increasing the weight of relevant search keys is an important way of disambiguation Hull  , 1997. This is made more critical as the number of languages represented in electronic media continues to expand . Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Furthermore  , post-translation expansion is capable of improving CLQS-based CLIR. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. However  , the accuracy of query translation is not always perfect. NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 CLIR tasks also provide English and Chinese documents  , which are used as the source and target language corpora  , respectively. The coefficient of determination R 2 measures how well future outcomes are likely to be predicted by the statistical models. We use NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English-Chinese tasks for evaluation and consider both <title> and <desc> fields as queries. It shows that T is influenced by intrinsic ineffectiveness  , semantic recovery by query expansion  , or poor translation quality. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . In this study we presented a novel fuzzy translation technique based on automatically generated transformation rules and fuzzy matching. One of them is based on cognates  , for which untranslatable and/or similar terms in case of close languages are used for matching the query. We argue that these variations can be captured by successfully matching training resources to target corpora. This simple scenario is modified in the context of CLIR  , where   , dN } consists of only those documents that are in the same language and script  , i.e. This paper's main contribution is a novel approach to CTIR. Since all of our models require large sets of relevance-ranked training data  , e.g. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Informal tests " viewing the interaction with a CLIR system available on the Web ARCTOS and machine-translated web pages Google. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. Although different resources or techniques are used  , all these methods try to generate the best target queries. Only the title and description fields of the topics were used in query formulation. Clearly a need for enhanced resources is felt. We have used it for three popular languages Hindi  , Bengali and Marathi which use Brahmi origin scripts. This is called the ambiguity problem in CLIR. Related work on alignment has been going on in the field of computational linguistics for a number of years. Evaluating document-level alignments can have fundamentally different goals. The full topic statements were used for all runs  , and the evaluation used relevance assessments for 21 queries. Much of the research conducted in this area has focused on supporting more effective cross-language information retrieval CLIR. The knowledge source used in English-Chinese-oriented CLIR system mainly includes dictionary knowledge and Chinese Synonym Dictionary. In addition  , stopword list and word morphological resumption list are also utilized in our system. Ogden and Davis 19 were among the first to study the utility of CLIR systems in interactive settings. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 18. In Section 2  , we describe the various components of CLIR systems  , existing approaches to the OOV problem  , and explain the ideas behind the extensions we have developed. While each of the above phases involve different tech-niques  , they are all inter-related. Table 1provides some statistics of the data. 3 report on CLIR experiments for French and Spanish using the same test collection as we do OHSUMED  , and the UMLS Metathesaurus for query translation  , achieving 71% of baseline for Spanish and 61 % for French. One principled solution to this problem is Pirkola's structured query method 6. This is an encouraging result that shows the approach based on a probabilistic model may perform very well. multi Searcher deals with several CLIR issues. We proposed a context-based CLIR tool  , to support the user  , in having a certain degree of confidence about the translation. We performed one Chinese monolingual retrieval run and three English-Chinese cross-language retrieval runs. A good MT system  , if available  , may perform query translation of reasonable quality for CLIR purposes. We return to the issue of vocabulary coverage later in the paper. An underlying assumption in this approach is that the initial manual translation is accurate  , and that it can be unambiguously translated back to the original Japanese query. We had found that dividing the RSV by the query length helps to normalize scores across topics. Corpus-based approaches are also popular. We employed the query translation approach to CLIR by translating the English queries and retrieve in monolingual Chinese. Overall  , both translations are quite adequate for CLIR. The Natural Language Systems group at IBM participated in three tracks at TREC-8: ad hoc  , SDR and cross-language. Full document translation for large collections is impractical  , thus query translation is a viable alternative. Newly borrowed technical words and foreign proper names are often written in Japanese using a syllabic alphabet called katakana. Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of ranking documents whose language differs from the query language. In this section  , we present the results of our CLIR experiments on TREC Chinese corpora. We focused on translation of phrases  , which has been demonstrated to be one of most effective ways to obtain more accurate translations. CLIR experiments in the literature have used multilingual   , document-aligned corpora  , where documents in one language are paired with their translation in the other. We used four graded-relevance data sets from the TREC robust track and the NTCIR CLIR task: some statistics are shown in Table 1. N and R denote the number of judged nonrelevant and relevant documents. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. This can be attributed to the presence of compounds  , which leads to higher rates of OOV compound For patent search in compounding languages  , the CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than for other language pairs 3  , 7 . In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. This also shows the strong correspondence between the input French queries and English queries in the log. For each English word a precise equivalent was given. As a result  , many nonrelevant documents are ranked high. Levow and Oard  , 1999 studied the impact of lexicon coverage on CLIR performance. In our experiments  , we used SYSTRAN version 3.0 http://www.systransoft.com for query and document translation. Extending this to CLIR is straightforward given a multilingual thesaurus. Selected English Phrases: therapy  , replacement Final English Query: causation  , cancer  , thorax  , estrogens   , therapy  , replacement Since we have follow up refinement steps in our CLIR approach  , we set M  , the number of concepts identified for each query  , to 15. Their concern was evaluated on a whole query  , whereas we think every single term has its own impact on CLIR performance. We denote tj as the corresponding translation of si in target language. As linguistic  , statistical and CLIR features are complementary  , we use all of the features in the following experiments. Based on the pre-trained model  , we'd like to test if we can improve the CLIR performance with 4 different translation strategies. Each strategy generates its own tj given source term si. " Context features are useful for predicting translation quality. In brief sum  , " to-translate-or-not-to-translate " is influenced by various and complicated causes. How to efficiently translate unknown terms in short queries has  , therefore  , become a major challenge for real CLIR systems 4 ,7. This section presents two methods of combining dictionary and spelling evidence in the framework given by Eq. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. However  , the degrees of improvement are not similar for all the query sets. CLIR is concerned with the problem of a user formulating a query in one language in order to retrieve documents in several other languages. The proposed CLIR system manages a collection of documents containing multilingual information as well as user queries that may be performed in any language supported by the system. The CLIR system has been evaluated by adopting three different configurations and the results have been compared with the gold standard  , according to the metrics described above. This paper explores flat and hierarchical PBMT systems for query translation in CLIR. The lower similarity between CVMR and CVMF M can be explained by training data Table 3: Test results for combined CLIR models see Table 2. Some dictionary-based and corpus-based methods perform almost as well as monolingual retrieval 7  , 8  , 9. Future research includes collecting more interview data and developing a thesaurus of English terms used in CLIR to enhance traditional or monolingual controlled vocabularies. There are three broad types of CLIR systems: those based on query translation  , those based on document translation  , and those that use some aspects of both 15. Our tests in TREC8 showed that using Web documents to train a probabilistic model is a reasonable approach. We evaluated three multilingual data merging methods to obtain a single ranked list for the purpose of TREC-8 CLIR track submission. In distinction from the earlier TREC-5/6 Chinese corpus  , these sources were written in the traditional Chinese character set and encoded in BIG5. In addition to the specific results reported by each research team  , the evaluation produced the first large Arabic information retrieval test collection. Finding a good monolingual IR method is a prerequisite for CLIR. The MAP were cross-language runs  , not monolingual runs. It can reduce translation error by 45% over automatic translation bringing CLIR performance up from 42% to 68% of monolingual performance. This is still well below a monolingual baseline  , but irnprovedphrasrd translations should help to narrow the gap. This amounts to no sense disambiguation for query words. As indicated in Table 1Figure 1: Comparison of CLIR performance on homogeneous datasets using both short and long queries. The second approach is to project document vectors from one language into another using cross-language information retrieval CLIR techniques. When we embarked on this line of research  , we did not find any publications addressing the area of Cross-Lingual Text Categorization as such. In CLIR  , we need a relevance model for both the source language and the target language. The second can be obtained using either a parallel corpus or a bi-lingual lexicon giving translation probabilities. In CLTC  , for performing translations we shall have to use similar linguistic resources as in CLIR. Since our resources are less than ideal  , should we compensate by implementing pre-and post-expansion ? Finally  , we combined the various transitive runs to determine whether triangulated retrieval is useful in the absence of translation resources. The corpora consisted of comparable news articles in Hindi  , Bengali  , and Marathi collected during 2004 to 2007. Our paired T-test results indicate that our retrieval scores are statistically significant. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR  , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 25. More specifically  , the problem is considered solved if high-quality training resources parallel text  , online dictionaries  , multi-lingual thesauri  , etc. Challenges for domainspecific CLIR  , in particular the problem of distinguishing domainspecific meanings  , have been noted in 12. more likely to be a person or entity vs. medical domain documents more likely to be a chemical. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. The commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions by removing from them all other material except for actual dictionary words. For these reasons  , a special dictionary alleviates the translation polysemy problem  , in which the translation of one source language word to many target language words causes fuzziness in CLIR queries. Future research should concentrate on finding methods by which the performance of CLIR queries could be improved further. Still another method that would be worth studying is data fusion; different translation methods produce different result lists. There are two main scenarios where the user input could be incorporated into the system to enhance multilingual information retrieval: 1. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. We proposed and evaluated a probabilistic CLIR retrieval system. To our knowledge  , this is the first systematic comparison of those models on the task of English to Chinese CLIR on gold test sets. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Kraaij 8 showed successful use of the widely used BableFish 6 translation service based on Systran. Without any English OOV terms  , our translated queries achieved 86.7% of the monolingual result. In order to assess the value of what we have done  , we tested the usefulness of the newly derived dictionaries on a medical document collection. They use probabilities derived from the target language corpus to choose one transliteration  , reporting improved CLIR results  , similar to ours. This work evaluated a number of search strategies for the retrieval of Arabic documents  , using the TREC Arabic corpus as the test bed. Example-based method can provide very good translation results but the similarity computation between sentences is quite complex. Hull & Grefenstette 10 demonstrated that the retrieval performance of queries produced using manual phrase translation was significantly better than that of queries produced by simple word-forword  dictionary-based translation. No tools such as part of speech taggers  , stemmers and separate corpora are involved. Though these works have brought significant improvement in translation accuracy  , they eventually tried to translate as many terms as possible  , which we believe is not always an effective approach in CLIR. Particularly  , they incorporate dictionaries   , bilingual corpora  , or the Web to estimate the probability of translation ptj|si  , Qs. Usage of correct translations shall help reveal the necessity of translation. The basic formulae are a straightforward generalization of Darwish's PSQ technique with one important difference: no translation direction is specified. An important reason for this is that there is an implicit query expansion effect during translation because related words/phrases may be added. This indicates that the coverage of the dictionary is still an important problem to be solved to improve the performance of CLIR. We will extensively use this property during the construction of our MoIR and CLIR models. The Council of Library and Information Resources CLIR presented different kinds of risks for a migration project 6. Besides the well-known Precision and Recall measure  , other metrics are widely used in the IR community. We expect similar improvements on CLIR  , and this will be confirmed by our experiments. This expansion task is very similar to the translation selection in CLIR. This section tries to point out similarities and differences of the presented approach with respect to other statistical IR models presented in the literature. Already  , the current results indicate that an automatically constructed parallel corpus may be a reasonable resource for CLIR. In this paper  , we investigated the possibility of replacing MT with a probabilistic model for CLIR. The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. In this paper  , decompounding German words is realized by an approach which has been employed in domain-specific CLIR 2. The decompounding is based on selecting the decomposition with the smallest number of words and the highest decomposition probability . 2 It is helpful for CLIR since it can extract semantically relevant queries in target language. One advantage of the proposed method is that it can extract relevant translations to benefit CLIR. Typically  , queries are translated either using a bilingual dictionary 22  , a machine translation software 9 or a parallel corpus 20. Even if this point of view is not original  , neither for IR 1 nor for CLIR Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. We sought to answer three questions: 1 what is the best that can be done using freely available resources; 2 how w ell does Pirkola's method for accommodating multiple candidate translations work on the TREC CLIR collection; and 3 would building a single index be more eeective than building separate indices for each language ? McCarley 28 trained a statistical MT system from a parallel corpus  , applied it to perform QT and DT  , and showed that the combination of scores from QT and DT drastically improved either method alone. Other specific works on CLIR within the multilingual semantic web may be found in 17 and 18   , while a complete overview of the ongoing research on CLIR is available at the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum CLEF 3   , one of the major references concerning the evaluation of multilingual information access systems. The assumption behind such mechanism is that queries are consistently used in one language. Only Translations: query terms are translated into the reference language used for retrieving documents. Since the evaluation of the Organic . Lingua CLIR system is based on the methodology introduced by CLEF 21 ,22  , the same metrics will be used for evaluating the described system. The question of how well the findings apply to a range of different collections remains open; however  , the fact that AP and SDA are quite dissimilar gives hope that a lot of data can be aligned. Translation polysemy is a phenomenon   , in which the number of word senses increases when a source language word is translated to a target language by replacing it with all of its target language equivalents. Ballesteros and Croft 1997 studied the effect of corpus-based query expansion on CLIR performance  , and found that expansion helped to counteract the negative effects of translation failures. Thus  , in unstructured CLIR queries unimportant search keys and irrelevant translation equivalents tend to dominate and depress the effect of important keys. Note how the term o~feoporosis has relatively more weight in the structured queries. Through our experiments  , we showed that each of the above methods leads to some improvement  , and that the combined approach significantly improves CLIR performance. In other words  , given the rank order produced through the use of one translation  , what would be the effect of treating the other word as part of the same cluster ? Thus  , a monolingual retrieval engine does not need to be altered after translating queries into the target language. where f w ,k ∈ R denotes the score for the k-th inter-lingual feature associated with w within the dim-dimensional shared inter-lingual embedding space. For EN→DE  , MAP is even slightly higher  , due to hyphenated compounds in the German translation of recovered topics  , i.e. To investigate the scientific knowledge inherent in patent retrieval  , we also used the NTCIR-3 CLIR test collection consisting of two years of newspaper articles  , and compared the results obtained with different genres of documents. Finally  , CLIR can be achieved by using the described document placement methods to place documents of different languages in the same map. While languages like Chinese and Japanese use multiple scripts 24  , they may not illustrate the true complexity of the MSIR scenario envisaged here because there are standard rules and preferences for script usage and well defined spellings rules. 10 used CLIR followed by MT to find domain-specific articles in a resource-rich language  , in order to use them for language modeling in a resource-poor language. This calculation results in a matrix of term-term associations  , which we use for query translation in the same manner as the matrix of translation probabilities in WM1. In this paper  , we return to first principles to derive an approach to CLIR that is motivated by cross-language meaning matching. For example  , to find documentlangauge synonyms  , we computed: Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. Model 4 seeks to achieve better alignments by modeling systematic position variations; that is an expensive step not commonly done for CLIR experiments . Figure 3shows the MAP of the top five official monolingual French runs from CLEF 2001. In addition  , the baseline PSQ technique exhibited the same decline in MAP near the tail of the translation probability distribution i.e. The latter finding suggests the necessity of combining bidirectional translation with synonymy knowledge. For the experiments reported below  , a greedy method was used  , with replacements retained in order of decreasing probability until a preset threshold on the cumulative probability was first exceeded. Even with a higher baseline of monolingual with expansion  , combining the CO method with expansion can still yield up to 88% of monolingual performance . Cross language information retrieval CLIR is often based on using a bilingual translation dictionary to translate queries from a source language to the target language in which the documents to be retrieved are written e.g. These solutions  , and others  , such as considering CLIR as spell- correction 2  , will all work reasonably well if the two languages in question are linguistically historically related and possess many cognates. We have been experimenting with a method for automatically creating candidate Japanese transliterated versions of English words. Our baseline bilingual CLIR lexicon is based on EDICT 4   , a widely used Japanese-to-English wordlist that contains a list of Japanese words and their English translations. However the issue is more difficult in Chinese as many characters have the same sound  , and many English syllables do not have equivalent sounds in Chinese  , meaning that selecting the correct characters to represent a transliterated word can be problematic. As shown in Table 2  , the extracted top translations are closely related to the source query  , even though sometimes they are not the translation equivalent of the source query. Therefore  , if a candidate for CLQS appears often in the query log  , then it is more likely the appropriate one to be suggested. Despite the various types of resources used  , out-of-vocabulary OOV words and translation disambiguation are the two major bottlenecks for CLIR 20. To overcome this knowledge bottleneck  , web mining has been exploited in 7  , 27  to acquire English- Chinese term translations based on the observation that Chinese terms may co-occur with their English translations in the same web page. The improvement on TREC French to English CLIR task by using CLQS demonstrates the high quality of the suggested queries. This  , however  , does not compromise our results since our experiments are aimed at comparing the performance of two different CLIR methods and not at comparing different search engine architectures. Moreover  , the search engine we employ is more in line with current clinical and Web retrieval engines and the requirements they have to fulfill. Various translation methodologies such as phrasal translation or sense disambiguation have brought significant improvements in CLIR. Translations with non-negative LRT D are regarded having good translation quality  , as they perform as well as or better than correct translation in the benchmarks. Documents of a comparable collection may be aligned at the document  , sentence or even word level. As reported in 24  , another interesting angle in the CLIR track is the approach taken by Cornell University wherein they exploit the fact that there are many similar looking words between French and English   , i.e. On the CLIR task  , due to the nature of the evaluation metric  , the computation time for MAP  , DO and HSA  , while being different for each metric  , is equal across the different model configurations. The issue of CLIR has also been explored in the cultural heritage domain. The question answering task in the interactive track of the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum iCLEF is an example of that more comprehensive perspective 8 . Our work involved two aspects: Finding good methods for Chinese IR  , and finding effective translation means between English and Chinese. We reused the same corpus-based methods that we utilized last year with considerable success  , while experimenting with using a number of off-the-shelf machine translation products.  The Salmone Arabic-to-English dictionary  , which was made available for use in the TREC-CLIR track by Tufts University. The first experiment CLARITdmwf used preretrieval data merging  , i.e. The goal of the track is to facilitate research on systems that are able to retrieve relevant documents regardless of the language a document happens to be written in. There was some concern over the test collection built in the TREC 2001 CLIR track in that the judgment pools were not as complete as they ideally would be. This presents a number of challenges  , primarily the problem of translation. Ballesteros 3 researched a transitive scheme and techniques to overcome word ambiguity. The availability of test collection and translation resources was the overriding factor determining our choice of languages. Examination of it suggested that the best choice of query language was German  , as its vocabulary coverage in EuroWordNet was reasonable. Thus  , the collection used for this investigation was the English corpus from the TREC8 CLIR Track and the 28 German and English queries from the same track for which relevance judgements are available. In this paper  , we investigate several approaches to translate an IR query into a different language. However  , when a query is truly ambiguous and multiple possible translations need to be considered  , a translation based CLIR approach can perform poorly. Because of the first point  , the rarity of electronic sources for translation  , investigators may be drawn to use the resources most readily available to them  , rather than those best suited for bilingual retrieval. In order to differentiate the source language from the target language  , a superscript s is used for any variable related to the source language and a superscript t is used for any variable related to the target language. All three were formed from the UN parallel corpus and the Buckwalter lexicon using the same procedure described in Section 3. Although their impact on CLIR performance is small  , spelling normalization and stemming are still useful because they reduce the need for memory because there are fewer entries in the lexicon and they improve the retrieval speed by simplifying the score computation. In CEMT-based method  , we use a CEMT system named TransEasy 4 to translate the queries into English. We use a probabilistic cross-lingual retrieval system  , whose theoretical basis is probabilistic generation of a query in one language from a document in another. For TREC-9  , the CLIR task used Chinese documents from Hong Kong. Once we had a dictionary in a suitable format  , we used it with our existing Dictionary-based Query Translation DQT routines to translate the query from English into the language of one of the four language-speciic CLIR subcollections no translation was needed for the English subcollection. The first three of them are automatic query translation run  , using our word segmentation approach for indexing  , while the monolingual run we submit uses n-gram based segmentation. As an alternative  , we also explored three ways of incorporating translation probabilities directly into the formulae: 1. Experimental evaluation of the CLIR model were performed on the Italian-to-English bilingual track data used in the CLEF 2000 C0 and CLEF 2001 C1 evaluations. In order to create broadly useful systems that are computationally tractable  , it is common in information retrieval generally  , and in CLIR in particular  , to treat terms independently . The key insight between what we call meaning matching is to apply that same perspective directly to CLIR. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. However  , in both cases  , the best DAMM was statistically indistinguishable from the best IMM. There are other variants of cross-language meaning matching  , depending on translation in which direction is used and synonymy knowledge in which language is used. But for unrelated languages  , such as English and Japanese  , a word missing from the dictionary has little chance of matching any pertinent string in the other language text. Despite promising experimental results with each of these approaches   , the main hurdle to improved CLIR effectiveness is resolving ambiguity associated with translation. However  , CLIR is a difficult problem to solve on the basis of MT alone: queries that users typically enter into a retrieval system are rarely complete sentences and provide little context for sense disambiguation. In particular  , if the user intends to perform CLIR  , then original query is even more likely to have its correspondent included in the target language query log. Our experiments showed that the decaying co-occurrence model performs better than the standard co-occurrence model  , and brings significant improvements over the simple dictionary approaches in CLIR. The translation resource was EuroWordNet  , a multilingual thesaurus consisting of WordNets for various European languages including those used in TREC CLIR queries 20. However  , the relatively poor performance of the translation component of our test CLIR system was not a major concern to us  , as it remained a constant throughout our experiments. Such a study will help identify good candidate pivot languages. When compared with previous results we see that Spanish CLIR using the Metathesaurus for query translation is on the high end of the performance range of 50- 75% of baseline scores observed with approaches based on dictionaries with or without information extracted from corpora 12  , 3  , 7  , 14. Yet 10  focused merely on evaluating the performance of a whole query and did not give insight into the effect of translation for each query term. The focus of previous works1  , 4 did key-term selection in the mono-lingual environment; however  , our discovery of various causes such as pre-and post-translation query expansion would influence the preference of translation in CLIR. Finally   , a larger R 2 can be achieved by including more features for training. InQuery's synonym operator was originally designed to support monolingual thesaurus expansion  , so it estimates TF and DF as follows 11 Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " In general  , language modeling approaches to retrieval rely on collection frequency CF in place of DF: Corpus-based approaches to CLIR have generally developed within a framework based on language modeling rather than vector space models  , at least in part because modern statistical translation frameworks offer a natural way of integrating translation and language models 19. Inclusion of rare translations in a CLIR application was shown to be problematic for all three methods  , however. Use of only the most likely of those translations turned out to be an effective expedient  , but only when an appropriate threshold on cumulative probability was selected. The combination of our approach with the MT system leads to a high effectiveness of 105% of that of monolingual IR. Experience has shown that several factors make it hard to obtain statistically significant results in CLIR evaluations . The goal of cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR is to find documents in one language for queries in another language. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. Figure  1shows the results. For retrieving newspaper articles  , we used <DESCRIPTION> and a combination of <DESCRIPTION> and <NARRATIVE>  , extracted from all 42 topics in the NTCIR-3 CLIR collection. While NEs have been worked on extensively in IR and CLIR  , transliterated queries where the text  , in addition to NE  , is represented in the script of another language  , typically English  , have not received adequate attention. Experiments on the TREC-5/6 English-Chinese CLIR task show that our new approach yields promising although not statistically significant improvements over that baseline. In future work we plan to try this approach for document translation where we would expect greater benefit from context  , although with higher computational cost  , at least in experimental settings. This task is similar to cross-language information retrieval CLIR  , and so we will refer to it as cross-temporal retrieval CTIR. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Two approaches can be distinguished: 1. translation-based systems either translate queries into the document language or languages  , or they translate documents into the query language 2. In this case  , the alignments help overcome the problem of different RSV scales. Results for the strategies just described on the TREC-6 CLIR collection are presented in the following: Figure 2shows a comparison of using alignments alone  , using a dictionary pseudo-translation and then using both methods combined  , i.e. doing initial retrieval using a dictionary translation  , and then improving this translation using the alignments  , as outlined above. Some caution is appropriate with regard to the scope of the conclusions because this was the first year with a CLIR task at the TREC conference  , and the size of the query set was rather small. Cross-language retrieval supports the users of multilingual document collections by allowing them to submit queries in one language  , and retrieve documents in any of the languages covered by the retrieval system. Several studies recognized that the problem of translating OOV has a significant impact on the performance of CLIR systems 8 ,9. In the following subsections  , we will present the results obtained with the different configurations adopter for evaluating the proposed CLIR system. Indeed  , in all experiments performed on our document collection  , the usage sole or combined of the two described ontologies outperformed our baseline. The implemented approach has been applied to a document collection built in the context of the Organic. Lingua EU-funded project where documents are domain-specific and where they have been annotated with concepts coming from domain-specific ontologies. We opt for ADD-BASIC as the composition model unless noted otherwise. This provides ground truth to evaluate the effectiveness of the two translation approaches discussed above: machine translation in this case  , we used Google Translate 1  and direct vector projection using the CLIR approach. Thus  , the collections in two languages are converted into a single collection of document vectors in the target language . Thus  , the computation cost of the maximum coherence model is modest for real CLIR practice  , if not overestimated. Intrinsic to the problem is a need to transform the query  , document  , or both  , into a common terminological representation  , using available translation resources. The effectiveness of both corpus and dictionary-based resources was artificially lowered by randomly translating different proportions of query terms  , simulating variability in the coverage of resources. Since the main purpose of these experiments was to examine if the proposed approach can help conventional approaches for CLIR  , we simply used some basic techniques of query expansion and phrase translation in our experiments. The task of Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR addresses a situation when a query is posed in one language but the system is expected to return the documents written in another language. The goals of our fellowship are to raise awareness of the need for proper data management and preservation as well as to promote data curation as a professional activity. For CLIR  , the requirements are much less: It only requires the model to provide a list of the most probable translation words without taking into account syntactic aspects. The CLIR experiments on TREC collections show that the decaying co-occurrence method performs better than the basic cooccurrence method  , and the triple translation model brings additional improvements. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides a brief description on the related work. As the problem of translation selection in CLIR is similar to this expansion task  , we can expect a similar effect with the decaying factor. Using pivots doubles the number of translations performed in a CLIR system  , therefore  , increasing the likelihood of translation error  , caused mainly by incorrect identification of the senses of ambiguous words. In this paper we describe English-Japanese CLIR experiments using the standard BMIR-J2 Japanese text collection 4. Our approach to CLIR takes advantage of machine translation MT to prepare a source-language query for use in a target-language retrieval task. The success of dictionary-based CLIR depends on the coverage of the dictionary  , tools for conflating morphological variants  , phrase and proper name recognition  , as well as word sense disam- biguation 13 . We consider automatic lexicon acquisition techniques to be a key issue for any sort of dictionary-based efforts in IR  , CLIR in particular . In this paper we present a system for cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR working over the multilingual corpora of European Legislation Acquis Communautaire 1. For what concerns the query-document model  , this is often referred to as language model approach and has been already applied for monolingual IR see the extensive review in 19 and CLIR 5. Our CLIR experiments used the Lucy search engine developed by the Search Engine Group 5 at RMIT University. These terms may help focus on the query topic and bring more translated terms that together are useful for disambiguating the translation. These problems explain why CLIR effectiveness is usually lower than the monolingual runs  , even with the best translation tools of the world. On the other hand  , if we compare the probabilistic translation models with other translations means in particular  , with MT systems  , their performances are very close Nie99. We hope  , however  , that this will encourage these people to participate in the future  , thus increasing the size of the pool. These interfaces provide query translation from the source language into the target languages using bilingual dictionaries . The document collection used in the TREC-2001 CLIR track consisted of 383 ,872 newswire stories that appeared on the Agence France Press AFP Arabic Newswire between 1994 and 2000. The documents were represented in Unicode and encoded in UTF-8  , resulting in a 896 MB collection. The TREC-2001 CLIR track focussed this year on searching Arabic documents using English  , French or Arabic queries. Cross-language Information Retrieval CLIR is the task of finding documents that are written in one language e.g. 2Sakhr's Arabic/English CLIR system is one example an automated technique for converting an unstructured term-to-term translation dictionary into a structured dictionary. It is intuitive that the LM-UNI model will lead to much better results in the monolingual setting  , as the amount of shared words between different languages is typically very limited  , and therefore other representations for CLIR are sought 41 see next. Each of the approaches has shown promise  , but also has disadvantages associated with it. Automatic dictionarytranslationsareattractivebecause they are cost effective and easy to perform  , resources are ily available  , and performance is similar to that of other CLIR methods. Table 13shows the performance of each method as measured by average precision and percentage of monolingual performance  , LCA  , which typically expands queries with muki-term phrases  , is more sensitive to translation effects when pm-translation expansion is performed. Usually it is simpler and more efficient to translate queries than to translate documents because queries are generally much shorter than documents. We shall demonstrate that linguistic units such as NP and dependency triples are beneficial to query translation if they can be detected and used properly. This is consistent with the observations on general reasoning: when more information is available and is used in reasoning  , we usually obtain better results. A comparison between the two approaches will show the advantages and disadvantages of using probabilistic term translation for CLIR. The results show that dialect similarity can also affect retrieval performance. The major difference between MT-based CLIR and our approach is that the former uses one translation per term and the latter uses multiple translations. Therefore in the University of Tampere we have adopted the dictionary-based method for our CLIR studies. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . It is possible to address automatically the domain specific terms of queries to the correct dictionaries  , because different domains have different terminologies. Therefore  , as the study attacked the translation polysemy and the dictionary coverage problems  , the results are applicable to most languages  , even though phrases can lower the relative performance of CLIR in some languages. So they may help improve CLIR by leveraging the relevant queries frequently used by users. Moreover  , it can extract semantically relevant query translations to benefit CLIR. We are interested in realizing: whether this nice characteristic makes it possible for the bilingual translations of a large number of unknown query terms to be automatically extracted; and whether the extracted bilingual translations if any can effectively improve CLIR performance. The proposed approach was found to be effective in extracting correct translations of unknown query terms contained in the NTCIR-2 title queries and real-world Web queries. A model-based approach usually utilizes the existing statistical machine translation models that were developed by the IBM group 3. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. Figure 1shows that if one of the query terms is not translated x-axis  , how the corresponding AP y-axis changes using the correct translations of the rest of terms as a query. Statistical features consistently achieve better R 2 than CLIR features  , which are followed by linguistic features R 2 of linguistic features is the same across different corpora since such properties remain still despite change of languages. For a non-OOV term  , we show that if there exists an effective translation in dictionaries  , it is suggested that translating si would help CLIR performance. Groups such as ETH 15  , and a collaboration between the University of Colorado  , Duke University and Microsoft 21 investigated corpus based methods. Combining the UMLS Metathesaurus with a MEDLINE test database enables an empirical investigation of a high quality multilingual thesaurus as a resource for free-text based CLIR using two broad approaches: document translation and query translation. As anticipated  , performance is still behind dictionary independent methods using parallel corpora lo. We first showcase DO and HSA on two document similarity tasks: prior-art patent search 10 and the cross-language IR CLIR task of finding document translations 4. On the patent retrieval task  , following the experimental setup of 10  , model performance was evaluated using MAP computed over 372 queries and a test collection of 70k patents. However  , specific non-dictionary nouns and proper names often supply key evidence on the relevance of documents with respect to a query. In this case  , the distribution figures suggest that the TRT based fuzzy translation technique is viable in operational CLIR systems  , the noise being acceptable. A novel method for CLIR which exploits the structural similarity among MDS-based monolingual projections of a multilingual collection was proposed. In terms of computation  , the two methods are equally efficient since the joint and marginal probabilities used in computing PMI can be easily derived from the counts of A  , B  , C and D defined in 4.2. Another thread of research has focused on translating multiword expressions in order to deal with ambiguity 2  , 28. For example  , the industry standard leverages state-of-theart statistical machine translation SMT to translate the query into the target language  , in which standard retrieval is performed 4 . Various publications have investigated different methods of system combination for CLIR  , including logical operations on retrieved sets 3   , voting procedures based on retrieval scores 1  , or machine learning techniques that learn combination weights directly from relevance rankings 14. We evaluated our approach on the English-Chinese CLIR task of TREC-5/6: although we did not observe significant improvements  , we feel that this approach is nevertheless promising. Current methods of solving this problem have difficulty in tuning parameters and handling terms that are not registered in a dictionary  , when applied to large-scale and/or distributed digital libraries. Cross-language information retrieval CLIR has emerged as an important research area since the amount of multilingual web resources is increasing rapidly. Such records are also found in the Mainichi newspaper collection but they are excluded from the NTCIR-3 CLIR-J-J evaluation. Despite such biases  , the MEDLINE collection seems to close to the Japanese newspaper collections see Table  5 rather than the Patent collections. The discussed approach uses domain-specific ontologies for increasing the effectiveness of already-available machine translation services like Microsoft Bing 1 and Google Translate 2  by expanding the queries with concepts coming from the ontologies. In this paper we consider a specific bi-language DL—the Niupepa 1 collection—and examine how the default language setting of the DL interface affects usage. Results and performances of different models and combinations are described in The proposed two-stages model using comparable corpora '4' showed a better improvement in average precision compared to '3'  , the simple model one stage and approached the performance of the dictionary-based model '2' with 79.02%. Because statistical wordto-word translation models were available for use in our CLIR experiments  , we elected to find candidate synonyms by looking for words in the same language that were linked by a common translation. The importance of the technique and the study lies in it introduces a novel and effective way of using statistical translation knowledge for searching information across language boundaries. Based on the above consideration  , we apply example-based query phrase translation in our Chinese-English CLIR system  , and the experiments achieve good results. Regarding translation resources for CLIR  , we believe that two points are widely agreed upon:  resources are scarce and difficult to use; and  resources with greater lexical coverage are preferable. Ballesteros and Croft explored query expansion methods for CLIR and reported " combining pre-and post-translation expansion is most effective and improves precision and recall. " Their results showed that the effectiveness of cross-language retrieval was almost the same as that of monolingual retrieval. They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. Our CLIR method uses an off-the-shelf IR system for indexing and retrieving the documents. This makes the results directly comparable to the ones reported by participants of the TREC-6 CLIR task. A variety of research has also examined the multilingual mapping of different knowledge organization systems such as thesauri or subject headings in order to support CLIR in multilingual library collections. In TREC-9  , Microsoft Research China MSRCN  , together with Prof. Jian-Yun Nie from University of Montreal  , participated for the first time in the English- Chinese Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR track. In section 3  , we describe in detail the proposed method --improved lexicon-based query term translation  , and compare with the method using a machine translation MT system in CLIR. For the Cross-Lingual Arabic Information retrieval  , our automatic effort concentrated on the two categories; English-Arabic Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR and monolingual information retrieval. We plan to use 50 new topics in the same languages and to ask participating teams to also rerun the 25 topics from this year with their improved systems as a way of further enriching the existing pools of documents that have been judged for relevance. While the libraries are focusing on the customization of existing tools  , such as the The CLIR/DLF fellow at Indiana University has been placed within the D2I Center as a liaison to the libraries. One of the projects that build upon the library-D2I partnership is the NSFfunded DataNet project  , called Sustainable Environment- Actionable Data SEAD. We have looked in detail at the OOV problem as it applies to Chinese-English and English-Chinese CLIR. The tracks consist of 33 and 47 topics  , respectively  , which are provided both in extended Title+Description+Narrative and synthetic Title+Description forms. We implemented this by starting with the most likely translation and adding additional translations in order of decreasing probability until the cumulative probability of the selected translations reached a preset threshold that was determined through experimentation using the TREC-2001 CLIR collection. Last year  , in TREC7  , we compared three possible approaches to CLIR for French and English  , namely  , the approach based on a bilingual dictionary  , the approach based on a machine translation MT system  , and the approach based on a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts. We adopted MT-based query translation as our way of bridging the language gap between the source language SL and the target language TL. Using these measures  , PRF appears beneficial in most CLIR experiments  , as using PRF seems to consistently produce higher average precision than baseline systems. In this paper  , we will describe the construction of a probabilistic translation model using parallel texts and its use in CLIR. For this  , a parallel corpus of lower quality still can provide reasonably good query translations. This paper proposed two statistical models for dealing with the problem of query translation ambiguity. Our work strongly suggests that a lexical triangulation approach to transitive translation can have a beneficial effect on retrieval. A non-technical issue of use of pivots that must be examined is a study of existing translation resources to determine the range of resources available to researchers and users of CLIR systems. Our results suggest that FMT can perform substantially better than DTL methods and is generally robust to a lack of linguistic structure in queries. Pirkola appears to have been the first to try separately estimating TF and DF for query terms in a CLIR application 13  , using the InQuery synonym operator to implement what he called " structured queries. " The paper then concludes with some notes on limitations of the new techniques and opportunities for future work on this problem. Two teams from the University of Massachusetts 9 and the University of Maryland 2 tried variants of this approach for Text Retrieval Conference's CLIR track in 2002. Therefore  , as with CLIR  , WTF/DF is clearly the preferred technique in this application. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. end  , we rely on two key modeling assumptions: 1 We treat documents and queries as bags of words and do not impose any syntactic information to the document structure. In summary  , we have created a unified framework for MoIR and CLIR which relies solely on word embeddings induced in an unsupervised fashion from document-aligned comparable data. We address this problem by discriminative training techniques which are widely used in the SMT community  , and use automatically constructed relevance judgments from linked data. The main problems observed are: 1 the dictionary may have a poor coverage; and 2 it is difficult to select the correct translation of a word among all the translations provided by the dictionary. We first carried out a set of preliminary experiments to investigate the impact of lexicon sources  , phrase  , and ambiguity on query translation. The bad effectiveness in these cases is not due to translation  , but to the high difficulty of query topics. One common approach  , known as "query translation ," is to translate each query term and then perform monolingnal retrieval in the language of the document 11. The aim of cross-language information retrieval CLIR is to use a query in one language to search a corpus in a different language. To understand the fingerprinting analogy  , imagine the documents of one language stacked on a pile  , next to a pile that has the translations in the same order as the original. Suppose we are interested in using the projections of figure 1 for performing CLIR of new documents  , any of the three monolingual maps can be actually used for the retrieval task. Although MSIR has attained very little attention explicitly   , many tangentially related problems like CLIR and transliteration for IR do discuss some of the issues of MSIR. The results show that this new " translation " method is more effective than the traditional query translation method. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 introduces the related work; Section 3 describes in detail the discriminative model for estimating cross-lingual query similarity; Section 4 presents a new CLIR approach using cross-lingual query suggestion as a bridge across language boundaries. The new CLIR performance in terms of average precision is shown in Table 3. 14 is a non-trivial task because it needs to search over all possible ranking combinations . Cancel stops a search in progress. The search is terminated when the stack is empty. The choice of a stack indicates our preference for a 'depth-first-search' exploration from the starting assembled configuration. The search follows scoping rules. Stack Search Maximizing Eq. In order to remember a yet-to-be visited node on the stack  , we push the pointer and the LSN we found in the corresponding entry. Stack Skyline points SL Finally  , p8  , p9 dominated by {p1} in SL is skipped and the search completes. Such a search engine might retrieve a number of components that contain the word Stack somewhere maybe they use a Stack  , but only very few of them implement the appropriate data structure. This is implemented by the following pseudo code: new command name: ALL OPERATION; move the cursor to the form with heading DATA ABSTRACTION: stack; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; loop: while there is child form with heading OPERATION ; display the operation name and its I/0 entry; search for child form with heading OPERATION ; end loop ; The extended command ALL__OPERATION stack displays useful methodology oriented information and greatly reduces the number of key strokes n ec essary. The simplest rule is to follow strictly the structure of the stack  , from the top down towards the bottom. Web pages on stackoverflow .com are optimized towards search engines and performance . See 21 for discussion on the impact of search order on distance computation. This is effectively done in the same cycle that the search is conducted. The stack enables the testing of parent-child and ancestor-descendant relationships and limits the search space during the subsequence matching. By complementing part of the search result before OR'ing  , and complementing the result that is entered in the stack  , and AND'ing operation is possible. The Limpid Desk system meets our requirement of giving simple access to physical documents. The Limpid Desk supports physical search interaction techniques  , such as 'stack browsing' in which the upper layer documents are transparentized one by one through to the bottom of the stack. Find takes the following arguments: stack  , which contains the nodes on the path from the root to the current node of Find Find starts tree traversal from the top node of the stack; if the stack is empty  , the root of the tree is assumed; search-key  , the key value being sought; lock-mode  , a flag which indicates whether an exclusive lock  , shared lock  , or neither should be obtained on the key returned by Find; and latch-mode  , a flag which if True indicates that the node at which Find terminates should be latched exclusively. In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. Shown below is an interface to add the peek operation: public interface PeekCapability extends Stack { Object peek; } The first difference in implementation with enhancements arises in implementing a feature  , such as peek. The search terminates when it finds a section that contains one or more such binders. Note that this is not the standard representation of discrete domains in CP. These candidates are incomplete solutions till rank i. The Q qualification bit in delimiter words is used to mark qualified nodes that will be searched. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The common approach which we follow here is that the scopes are organized in an environment stack with the " search from the top " rule. Plurality is implemented using Apache's Solr – a web services stack built over the Lucene search engine – to provide real-time tag suggestions. In the past  , randomized techniques have been combined with more deliberate methods to great success . They developed an improved search engine for content on Stack Overflow which recommends question-and-answer pairs as opposed to entire Q&A threads based on a query. The swap operation on two top bits allows us to preserve the search result of two separate traces. many cases  , the children depended on their parent's guidance through joint search in the stack or library  , but we observed that in 34 groups the children chose their own books. Rather  , the back-trail is kept by temporarily reversing pointers during the initial search. In the second version a compactification of code is achieved by a suitable "renaming" imposed on D. In the third version  , the search trail is kept in D itself and the appropriate pointers are restored as the backscan occurs. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l The main difference is that the candidates for further expansion are managed in a queue instead of a stack. Duplication is useful in the case when the record is to be used as context for another operation which consumes the top bit. This simple but extremely flexible prioritization scheme includes as a special case the simpler strategies of breadth-first search i.e. A similar strategy was used by the Exodus rule-generated optimizer GDS ? Forward moves in the opposite direction through the results stack. For a given set of forms  , the expert programmer can implement extended commands which are more friendly and optimal in terms of key strokes. The results obtained from a search driven by the above test for a stack are summarized in the first row of The second row of the table shows how many functionally equivalent components are returned when a more elaborate test is used to drive the search. As expected  , the number of results is lower because fewer components were able to pass the more stringent tests. In an evaluation  , the authors found that the inclusion of different types of contextual information associated with an exception can enhance the accuracy of recommendations. Some extensions to the structure of stacks used in PLs are necessary to accommodate in particular the fact that in a database we have persistent and bulk data structures. A bit can also be popped from this bit stack to enable rewriting words in the qualified records in the subtree. This is useful in the situation where we want to trace two link lists to find their intersections. The operands for long instructions can be immediate operands i.e. A local push-down stack is a suitable device to save the successive nodes of such a path together with an indication of the direction from which they were exited. Required hardware can be emulated in software on current more powerful computers   , and therefore emulators can reproduce a document's exact appearance and behavior. However  , s contains concrete memory addresses in order to identify events accessing shared memory locations. Two additional Javascript libraries provided the time-line 2 and rectangular area select for copy/paste 3 capabilities. The library will contain several features to extend the Stack interface  , such as peek and search among others. For example  , to switch the implementations in myStack declaration  , only a local modification is necessary as shown below: Once a Stack with appropriate features is created  , the operations of the base type stack push  , pop  , empty can be called directly as in the call below: myStack.push"abc"; In general  , a cast is needed to call an enhanced operation  , though it can be avoided if only one enhancement is added: SearchCapabilitymyStack.search; This flexibility allows implementations to be changed  , at a single location in the code. The ranking criteria used by their approach consists of the textual similarity of the question-and-answer pairs to the query and the quality of these pairs. This helps in alleviating an inherent limitation of symbolic execution by building on results from tools that do not suffer from the same limitation. We would like to add the document content to a search engine or send the document to others to read without the overhead of the emulation stack  , but cannot. To show that these results also hold for code programmers struggle to write  , we repeated the same experiment on code snippets gathered from questions asked on the popular Stack Overflow website. Nevertheless  , configurations MAY and MAY × MUST overall reach significantly fewer bounds than PV for instance  , the max-stack bound is never reached by pruning verified parts of the search space. We could use a tool such as grep to search for this.idIndex  , but such an approach is very crude and may match statements unrelated to the crash. During systematic concurrency testing  , ρ is stored in a search stack S. We call s ∈ S an abstract state  , because unlike a concrete program state  , s does not store the actual valuation of all program variables.  The FiST system provides ordered twig matching for applications that require the nodes in a twig pattern to follow document order in XML. 34 of the 51 interviewed participants had searched the catalogue before entering the stack; 16 had searched the online catalogue using a library computer see Fig. The query descriptor is assembled by the parser and passed as a parameter into the search function  , which then uses SAPI functions to extract the operator and the qualification constants. When Find is called on behalf of a read-only transaction lock-mode is None indicating no lock  , and latch-mode is False. The following nine subjects are simple data structures: binheap implements priority queues with binomial heaps 48; bst implements a set using binary search trees 49 ; deque implements a double-ended queue using doubly-linked lists 8; fibheap is an implementation of priority queues using Fibonacci heaps 48 ; heaparray is an array-based implementation of priority queues 3 ,49 ; queue is an object queue implemented using two stacks 10; stack is an object stack 10; treemap implements maps using red-black trees based on Java collection 1.4 3 ,48 ,49 ; ubstack is an array-based implementation of a stack bounded in size  , storing integers without repetition 7  , 30  , 42. If the client wants to choose the implementations ArrayImpl for Stack interface  , PeekImpl1 for PeekCapability  , and SearchImpl for SearchCapability  , then using the code pattern proposed in Section 4 of this paper  , the following declaration can be used: In particular  , suppose that peek and search are the features or operations to be added and that PeekCapability and SearchCapability are the interfaces that define these two features  , respectively. RDF is the core part of the Semantic Web stack and defines the abstract data model for the Semantic Web in the form of triples that express the connection between web resources and provide property values describing resources. Later  , when the designer needs to model the transport system between production cells of the flexible manufacturing system  , he can search in the repository and recover candidates models for reuse. Figure 7shows classification data for all VCs generated from a sample catalog of RESOLVE component client code that relies on existing  , formally-specified components to implement extensions  , which add additional functionality e.g. This confirms that the search of CnC is much more directed and deeper  , yet does not miss any errors uncovered by random testing. This approach is a core of the definiton of query operators  , including selection  , projection/navigation  , join  , and quantifiers. To maximize the CPU utilization efficiency  , the data manipulation is structured as non-blocking with respect to the following I/O operations: transfer of input data for procedures among cluster nodes  , other request/reply communication between search engine components on different cluster nodes  , HTTP communication with web servers  , and local disk reads and writes. The search capability to the interface was built using AJAX calls to the Solr server  , with a jQuery " stack " to provide the bulk of the interactive features: jQuery-UI and the pan-andzoom jQuery plugin 1 in particular. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We case-fold in our experiments. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Collingbourne et al. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Protein Folding. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Typical full-text indexing e.g. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. We now present our overall approach called SemanticTyper combining the approaches to textual and numeric data. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. We store current rules in a prefix tree called the RS-tree. sort represents a flatten-structure transformation with sort. A sort instance element can be expanded to re-run its associated query and display the results. Using auxiliary tree T   , recursive function sort csets is invoked to sort the component sets. When an item is inserted in the FP-tree  , sort the items in contingency weight ascending order. Updates may cause swapping via the bubble sort  , splitting  , and/or merging of tree nodes Updates to DB does not lead to any swapping of tree nodes  old gets changed. Sort-based bulk loading KF 93 refers to the classical approach of sorting and packing the nodes of the R*-tree. This approach makes the hest use of the occurrence of the common suffix in transactions  , thereby constructing a more compact tree structure than F'P-tree. However  , in many other cases  , it requires rescanning the entire updated database DB in order to build the corresponding FP-tree. In this way  , at each point the node being inserted will become the rightmost leaf node in T after insertion. Therefore  , each projection uses B-tree indexing to maintain a logical sort-key order. This information is made available to further relational operators in the relational operator tree to eliminate sort operations. New human computer interaction knowledge and technology must be developed to support these new possibilities for autonomous systems. This problem is more serious than FELINE because it uses the bubble sort to recursively exchange adjacent tree nodes. The other approach  , which we call Sorted-Tuples-based bulk loading  , is even simpler. A query that produces many results is hurt more by a blocking Sort and benefits more from a semi/fully pipelined pattern tree match physical evaluation. C-Store organizes columns into projections sets of columns and each projection has a sort-key 25. By traversing elements from the root element to elements with atomic data  , we obtain large 1-paths  , large 2-paths  , and so on  , until large n-paths. The only difference is that one needs to sort the path according to L before inserting it into a new P-tree. Second  , OVERLAP prunes edges in the search lattice  , converting it into a tree  , as follows. 1 sort the attribute-based partition  , compressing if possible 2 build a B-Tree like index which consists of pointers beginning and end to the user-specified category boundaries for the attribute. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. It tries to do better than Parent by overiapping the computation of different cuboids and using partially matching sort orders. The graph is displayed as a tree hierarchy  , with sort instances as leaf elements. Serialization of an XML subtree using the XML_Serialize operator serves as an example. Now  , as our target in TREC is to find an " optimal " ranking function to sort documents in the collection  , individuals should represent tentative ranking functions. It does not offer immediate capability of navigating or searching XML data unless an extra index is built. So the performance increase is higher for such queries – e.g. Thus the load for computing the tree and hence for testing the hypotheses varies. The tree node corresponding to the last item of the sorted summary itemset represents a cluster  , to which the transaction T i belongs. We note that the depth first traverse of the DOM tree generally matches the same sequence of the nodes appearing in the webpage. If the first triple pattern in this list has only one join variable  , we pick this join variable as the root of the tree embedded on the graph Gjvar as described before. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. So  , it works well in situations that follow the " build once  , mine many " principle e.g. For these kinds of data  , it is in general not advisable or even not possible to apply classical sort-based bulk loading where first  , the data set is sorted and second  , the tree is built in a bottom-up fashion. Bulk loading of a B+-tree first sorts the data and then builds the index in a bottom-up fashion. Due to its enhanced query planner  , the tree-aware instance relies on operators to evaluate XPath location steps  , while the original instance will fall back to sort and index nested-loop join. Each disk drive has an embedded SCSI controller which provides a 45K byte RAM buffer that acts as a disk cache on read operations. This chaining method passes label information between classifiers  , allowing CC to take into account label correlations and thus overcoming the label independence problem. In addition to changes in the item ordering  , incremental updating may also lead to the introduction of new items in the tree. Tree root selection: After initialization  , in a join query with n triple patterns  , we sort all the triple patterns first in the order of increasing number of triples associated with them. Join indexes can now be fully described. This is confirmed in the corresponding reduced plan diagram where the footprints disappear. Kl'I'S83  , on the ollwr hand  , concentrates on the speed of the sort-engine and no1 the overall performance of the Grace hash-join algot-ithm. Then the Hilbert value ranges delineated by successive pairs of end marker values in the sorted list have the prop erty that they are fully contained within one block at each level of each participating tree. Can we use some sort of task lattice or tree  , to represent and interface the distributed tasks underway towards goals and subgoals ? For multidimensional index structures like R-trees  , the question arises what kind of ordering results in the tree with best search performance. These services include structured sequential files  , B' tree indices  , byte stream files as in UNIX  , long data items  , a sort utility  , a scan mechanism  , and concurrency control based on file and page lock- ing. The groups of hits were ranked based on the Panoptic rank of their top document; the Panoptic ranks were also used to sort hits within each group. However  , if segmentation is performed separately after Kd-tree search finishes  , additional time is required to sort the data points whose computational time is ether ON  or OK log K where K is the number of the data points found within the hyper-sphere. The functions insert and insert-inv receives the " abstract " bodies defined there. The services provided by WiSS include sequential files  , byte-stream files as in UNIX  , B+ tree indices  , long data items  , an external sort utility  , and a scan mechanism. Then  , it analyzes the available indexes and returns one or more candidate physical plans for the input sub-query. After we sort the succeeding samples at each node in the tree  , the last several branches are likely to be pruned by strategy 3 because they contain only those samples that have the least increase in coverage. We can see that subsets having larger coverage are searched first in this case. For each request see Figure 2  , an access path generation module first identifies the columns that occur in sargable predicates  , the columns that are part of a sort requirement   , and the columns that are additionally referenced in complex predicates or upwards in the query tree. In the context of non-traditional index structures  , the method of bulk loading also has a serious impact on the search quality of the index. Different maximal OTSP sets are incorporated in different branches of the tree. Next  , a top-down pass is made so that required order properties req are propagated downwards from the root of the tree. The reason for this behavior is that both plans are of roughly equal cost  , with the difference being that in plan P2  , the SUPPLIER relation participates in a sort-mergejoin at the top of the plan tree  , whereas in P7  , the hash-join operator is used instead at the same location. For example  , with reference to Figure 2: if the cursor lies within the framed region  , then an R command will replace Figure 2with Figure 1; if the cursor is outside the framed region  , then an R command with replace Figure 2with "queen problem" The D command allows the cursor to go beyond the boundary of the current abstraction  , a sort of return command for an abstraction. In a data warehouse environment where the dimensions are quite different and hence it may be difficult to come up with a well-defined Hilbert-value it might still be better to select a dimension and to sort the data according to this dimension KR 98. A sequential file is a sequence of records that may vary in length up to one page and that may be inserted and deleted at arbitrary locations within a file  , Optionally  , each file may have one or more associated indices that map key values to the record identifiers of the records in the file that contain a matching value. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Acknowledgments. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. For questions with a simple answer pattern  , the answer candidates can be found by fixed pattern matching. Our pattern matching component consists of two parts  , fixed pattern matching and partial pattern matching. We now define the graph pattern matching problem in a distributed setting. Patterns are organized in a list according to their scores. One promising technique to circumvent this is soft pattern matching. Pattern matching is simple to manipulate results and implement. Consequently  , we believe that any practical IE optimizer must optimize pattern matching. Next  , each model's location is estimated. A Basic Graph Pattern is a set of statement patterns. Graph pattern matching Consider the graph pattern P from Fig. The Pattern Matching stream consists of three stages: Generation  , Document Prefetch and Matching. In most applications  , however  , substring pattern matching was applied  , in which an " occurrence " is when the pattern symbols occur contiguously in the text. However  , their pattern languages are limited by a small number of pattern variables for matching linguistic structures. As for those with complex answer patterns  , we try to locate answer candidates via partial pattern matching. Matching is meant here as deciding whether either a given ontology or its part is compliant matches with a given pattern. Kumar and Spafford 10 applied subsequence pattern matching to intrusion detection. If no matching pattern is found  , the exception propagates up the call stack until a matching handler is found. Surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems. Feature matching method needs to abstract features e.g. Two kinds of matching methods are oftcn uscd: Feature matching method and pattern matching method 8. This is the value used for pattern matching evaluation. Let us examine a small pattern-matching example . This package provides reawnably fast pattc:rn matching over a rich pattern language. The final score of a sentence incorporates both its centroid based weight and the soft pattern matching weight. But in our case  , pattern matching occurs relatively less frequently than during a batch transformation. The output of this pattern matching phase is tuples of labels for relevant nodes  , which is considered as intermediate result set  , named as RS intermediate . Note that these early work however do not consider AD relationship  , which is common for XML queries. The correlation operation can be seen as a form of convolution where the pattern matching model Mx ,y is analogous to the convolution kernel: Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. Once a matching sentiment pattern is found  , the target and sentiment assignment are determined as defined in the sentiment pattern. var is a set of special alternative words  , which are usually shared by various patterns and also assigned in question pattern matching. Fixed pattern matching scans each passage and does pattern matching. Different from previous empirical work  , we show how soft pattern matching is achieved within the framework of two standard probabilistic models. Each pattern matching step either involves the use of regular expressions or an external dictionary such as a dictionary of person names or product names. For the first variation the text collection was the Web  , and for the second  , the local AQUAINT corpus. Bottom-up tree pattern matching has been extensively studied in the area of classic tree pattern matching 12. In addition  , not all types of NE can be captured by pattern matching effectively. The triple pattern matching operator transforms a logical RDF stream into a logical data stream  , i.e. By incorporating 'anchor control' logic it is possible to operate some sub-sets of cascades in the unanchored mode  , sub-pattern matching mode  , variable precursor matching mode or a combination thereof. If a text segment matches with a pattern  , then the text segment is identified to contain the relationship associated with the pattern. Each pattern box provides visual handles for direct manipulation of the pattern. This eases parsing  , pattern declaration and matching  , and it makes the composition interface explicit. This is a problem that has received some attention from the pattern matching research community. 4 also propose to find relevant formulae using pattern matching. pressive language. The patterns are described in Table 2. In our simplified version of pattern matching  , the search trajectory was designed as follows. Previously examined by Cui et al. 8is to recognize a parameter by pattern matching. The tree-pattern matching proceeds in two phases. proposed a similar method to inverse pattern matching that included wild cards 9. A type constraint annotation restricts the static Java type of the matching expression. In the Generation stage  , the question is analyzed and possible answer patterns are generated. There are several main differences between string matching and the discovery of FA patterns. Note that in this paper  , we focus on ordered twig pattern matching. Patterns are sorted by question types and stored in pattern files. For example  , consider the tree representation of the pattern Q 1 in Figure 3 . Overlapping features: Overlapping features of adjacent terms are extracted. Note that it contains variables that have already been bound by the change pattern matching. The final score is the product of the pattern score and matching score. The lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the well studied multi-pattern matching problem in the string matching literature 25. In our scenario  , if each entity is modeled as a pattern  , the lookup-driven entity extraction problem reduces to the multi-pattern matching problem. Although surface text pattern matching has been applied in some previous TREC QA systems  , the patterns used in ILQUA are better since they are automatically generated by a supervised learning system and represented in a format of regular expressions which contain multiple question terms. All of the points have the same pattern and this is suitable for a template matching because the points may be able to be extracted through a template matching procedure using only one template. In such a case  , we first need to distribute the expression " GRAPH γ " appropriately to atomic triple patterns in order to prescribe atomic SPARQL expressions accessible by basic quadruple pattern matching. The pattern-matching language is based on regular expressions over the annotations; when a sequence of annotations is matched by the left-hand side pattern  , then the right-hand side defines the type of annotation to be added Organization in the example case above. The goal of multi-pattern matching is to find within a text string d all occurrences of patterns from a given set. In addition to surface pattern matching  , we also adopt n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. The Sparkwave 10 system was built to perform continuous pattern matching over RDF streams by supporting expressive pattern definitions  , sliding windows and schema-entailed knowledge. Pattern matching with variable 'don't care' symbols can now be easily performed  , if the input signals set the D flip-flop values throughout the duration of pattern matching. Our system focuses on ordered twig pattern matching  , which is essential for applications where the nodes in a twig pattern follow the document order in XML. We enhanced the pattern recognition engine in ViPER to execute concurrent parallel pattern matching threads in spite of running Atheris for each pattern serially. We tested our technique using the data sets obtained from the University of New Mexico. This approach benefits from a better performance by avoiding multiple input parsing. For each token  , we look for the longest pattern of token features that matches with pattern rules. Finally  , a novel pattern matching module is proposed to detect intrusions based on both intra-pattern and inter-pattern anomalies. Therefore  , the system works in stages: it ranks all sentences using centroid-based ranking and soft pattern matching  , and takes the top ranked sentences as candidate definition sentences. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. their rapid evaluation. Yet ShopBot has several limitations. The interesting subtlety is that pattern matching can introduce aliases for existing distinguishing values. Approaches that use pattern matching e.g. TwigStack 7  , attract lots of research attention. The research question is: pattern. 18 have demonstrated that soft pattern matching greatly improves recall in an IE system. We have so far introduced features of the matching rule language mainly through examples. Regarding input data generation  , all sequences  , matching the pattern are favored and get higher chance to occur. Results of query " graph pattern " with terms-based matching and different rankings: 1 Semantic richness  , 2 Recency. The *SENTENCE* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single sentence. with grouping  , existing pattern matching techniques are no longer effective. For each context pattern and each snippet search engine returned  , select the words matching tag <A> as the answer. YATL is a declarative  , rule based language featuring pattern matching and restructuring operators. + trying to have an "intellioent" pattern matching : The basic problem is then to limit combinatorial explosion while deducinc knowledge. In SPARQL 5 no operator for the transformation from RDF statements to SPARQL is defined. In the pattern matching step  , we will compare performance of the several kernel functions e.g. They primarily used heuristics and pattern matching for recognizing URLs of homepages. SPARQL  , a W3C recommendation  , is a pattern-matching query language. Each template rule specifies a matching pattern and a mode. Tree-Pattern Matching. It also leverages existing definitions from external resources. We obtain We assume  , however  , that indexes are used to access triples matching a triple pattern efficiently. Listing1.2 shows a simple SPARQL query without data streams. 4 have demonstrated the utility of DTW for ECG pattern matching. In this paper  , an improved circuit structure corresponds to the complex regular expressions pattern matching is achieved. Second  , the notions of pattern matching and implicit context item at each point of the evaluation of a stylesheet do not exist in XQuery. We will focus our related work discussion on path extraction queries. Likewise  , the pattern-matching language in REFINE provides a powerful unification facility   , but this appears to be undecidable—no published results are available about the expressive power of its pattern-matching language. We integrated Mathematica8 into our system  , to perform pattern matching on the equations and identify occurrences within a predefined set of patterns. On the other hand  , our pattern matching approach is more suitable for determining supporting documents and is therefore the preferable approach for answer projection. Concept assignment is semantic pattern matching in the application domain  , enabling the engineer to search the underlying code base for program fragments that implement a concept from the application domain. Traditional pattern-matching languages such as PERL get " hopelessly long-winded and error prone " 5   , when used for such complex tasks. We compute each input sentence's pattern matching weight by using Equation 6. Option −w means searching for the pattern expression as a word. For example  , the pattern language for Java names allows glob-style wildcards  , with " * " matching a letter sequence and "  ? " The recognition module of person's name  , place  , organization and transliteration is more complex. This method requires users to learn specific query language to input query " pattern " and also requires to predefine many patterns manually in advance. Pattern induction   , in contrast  , is intended as detecting the regularities in an ontology  , seeking recurring patterns. The pattern was initially mounted on a tripod and arbitrarily placed in front of the stereo head Fig. At the end of this pattern-matching operation  , each element of the structure is associated with a set of indexing terms which are then stored in the indexing base. While it is easy to imagine uses of pattern matching primitives in real applications  , such as search engines and text mining tools  , rank/select operations appear uncommon. By adopting regular expressions as types  , they could include rich operations over types in their type structure  , and that made it possible to capture precisely the behavior of pattern matching over strings in their type system. Basic pattern matching now considers quadruples and it annotates variable assignments from basic matches with atomic statements from S and variable assignments from complex matches with Boolean formulae F ∈ F over S . However  , we assume that the structure is flat for some operations on pattern-matching queries  , which would not be applicable if the structure was not flat. The conceptual definition of pattern matching implies finding the existence of parent node such that when evaluating XPath P with that parent node as a context node yields the result containing the testing node to which template is applicable. A pattern matched in a relevant web page counts more than one matched in a less relevant one. The result of unsupervised pattern learning through PRF is a set of soft patterns as presented in Section 2 Step 3a. As discussed in Section 5  , the size is strongly related to the selectivity . We believe that much information about patterns can be retrieved by analyzing the names of identifiers and comments. Once the pattern tree match has occurred we must have a logical method to access the matched nodes without having to reapply a pattern tree matching or navigate to them. The triple pattern matching operator transforms RDF statements into SPARQL solutions. The XPath P used in the pattern matching of a template can have multiple XPath steps with predicates. We have developed an alternative method based on auxiliary data constructs: condition pattern relations and join pattern relations Segev & Zhao  , 1991a. Semantic pattern discovery aims to relate the data item slots in Pm to the data components in the user-defined schema. This is a type of template matching methodology  , where the search region is 1074 examined for a match between the observed pattern and the expected template  , stored in the database. Some sentiment patterns define the target and its sentiment explicitly. In a recent survey 19   , methods of pattern matching on graphs are categorized into exact and inexact matching. We mainly focus on matching similar shapes. The semantics of SPARQL is defined as usual based on matching of basic graph patterns BGPs  , more complex patterns are defined as per the usual SPARQL algebra and evaluated on top of basic graph pattern matching  , cf. Recognizing the oosperm and the micro tube is virtually a matching problem. Distributed graph pattern matching. Answering these queries amounts to the task of graph pattern matching  , where subgraphs in the data graph matching the query pattern are returned as results. We assume that the answer patterns in our pattern matching approach express the desired semantic relationship between the question and the answer and thus a document that matches one of the patterns is likely to be supportive . Pleft_seq|SP L  and Pright_seq|SP R  give the probabilistic pattern matching scores of the left and right sequences of the instance  , given the corresponding soft pattern SP matching models. Unknown viruses applying this technique are even more difficult to detect. As an enhanced version of the self-encrypting virus  , a polymorphic virus was designed to avoid any fixed pattern. In Snowball  , the generated patterns are mainly based on keyword matching. Our pattern matching approach uses textual patterns to classify and interpret questions and to extract answers from text snippets. Patterns for answer extraction are learned from question-answer pairs using the Web as a resource for pattern retrieval. p i and sq i are the index of pattern and sequence respectively  , indicating from where the further matching starts. These approaches focus on analyzing one-shot data points to detect emergent events. In order to identify the list of instructions to re-evaluate  , a pattern matching is performed on the entire re-evaluation rules set. Missing components or sequences in a model compared to an otherwise matching pattern are classed as " incomplete " . Input rule files are compiled into a graph representation and a depth first search is performed to see if a certain token starts a pattern match. This way  , when no pattern has been successfully validated  , the system returns NIL as answer. A pattern matching program was developed to identify the segments of the text that match with each pattern. In other words  , a précis pattern comprises a kind of a " plan " for collecting tuples matching the query and others related to them. The max-error criterion specifies the maximum number of insertion errors allowed for pattern matching. In more recent systems  , Lucene  , a high-performance text retrieval library  , is often deployed for more sophisticated index and searching capability. This includes: word matching  , pattern matching and wildcards  , stemming  , relevance ranking  , and mixed mode searchmg text  , numeric  , range  , date. This system employs two novel ideas related to generic answer type matching using web counts and web snippet pattern matching. A simpler  , faster subset of this approach is to perform pattern matching based on features. We choose pattern matching as our baseline technique in the toolkit  , because it can be easily customized to distill information for new types of entities and attributes. Although surface text pattern matching is a simple method  , it is very effective and accurate to answering specific types of ques- tions. In addition   , system supports patterns combining exact matching of some of their parts and approximate matching of other parts  , unbounded number of wild cards  , arbitrary regular expressions  , and combinations  , exactly or allowing errors. The techniques of unanchored mode operation  , sub-pattern matching   , 'don't care' symbols  , variable precursor position anchoring and selective anchoring as described for a single cascade can be extended to this twodimensional pattern matching device. We adopted existing code for SQL cross-matching queries 2 and added a special xmatch pattern to simplify queries. However automatic pattern extraction can introduce errors and syntactic dependency matching can lead to incorrect answers too. Because matching is based on predicates  , DARQ currently only supports queries with bound predicates. It is widely used for retrieving RDF data because RDF triples form a graph  , and graph patterns matching subgraphs of this graph can be specified as SPARQL queries. Answer extraction methods applied are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . δ represents a tunable parameter to favor either the centroid weight or the pattern weight. Instructions associated to a pattern that matches that node need to be re-evaluated. We call all the sessions supporting a pattern as its support set. None of these tools are integrated with an interactive development environment  , nor do they provide scaffolding for transformation construction. However  , developers have to write these pattern specifications as an overlay on the underlying code. Rather the twig pattern is matched as a whole due to sequence transformation. We use a pattern-matching module to recognize those OODs with fixed structure pattern  , such as money  , date  , time  , percentage and digit. To demonstrate the flexibility and the potential of the LOTUS framework  , we performed retrieval on the query " graph pattern " . Existing tools like RepeatMasker 12 only solve the problem of pattern matching  , rather than pattern discovery without prior knowledge. Three classes of matching schemes are used for the detection of patterns namely the state-  , the velocity-and the frequency-matching. That is  , the specific pattern-matching mechanism has to influence only that application context. We expect melodic pattern matching to involve what we call " complex traversal " of streamed data. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching . The pattern matching problem in IE tasks are formally the same as definition sentence retrieval. The merit of template matching is that it is tolerant to noise and flexible about template pattern. Many commercially available anti-virus programs apply a detection system based on the " pattern signature matching " or " scanner " method. The results of the pattern-matching are also linguistically normalized  , i.e. The prototypes of data objects must be considered during entity matching to find patterns. Applicability in an Epoq optimizer is similar in function to pattern-matching and condition-matching of left-hand sides in more traditional rule-based optimizers. With the manual F 3 measure  , all three soft pattern models perform significantly better than the baseline p ≤ 0.01. The answer extraction methods adopted here are surface text pattern matching  , n-gram proximity search  , and syntactic dependency matching . 9  , originally used for production rule systems  , is an efficient solution to the facts-rules pattern matching problem. As mentioned above  , the pattern should skip this substring and start a new matching step. Besides the detection and localization of a neural pattern  , the comparison and matching of the observed pattern to a set of templates is another interesting question 18. They also discuss the subtlety we mention in Sec. Presence of modes allows different templates to be chosen when the computation arrives on the same node. Only the basic pattern matching has been changed slightly. As mentioned previously  , we adopt VERT for pattern matching. Later on  , standard IR techniques have been used for this task. Backtracking moves to the next breakpoint fget or the next visible variable current-var. This paper focuses on the ranking model. A question chunk  , expected by certain slots  , is assigned in question pattern matching. ANSWER indicates the expected answer. The basic cell for all pattern matching operations is shown in Figure 19.2. Wiki considers the Wikipedia redirect pairs as the candidates. Encounters green are generated using a camera on the quadrotor to detect the checkerboard pattern on the ground robot and are refined by scan matching. In order to avoid this drawback  , we implemented a new module of text-independent user identification based on pattern matching techniques. The center coordinates of iris are estimated from each model that is estimated its location by pattern matching. proposed an inverse string matching technique that finds a pattern between two strings that maximizes or minimizes the number of mis- matches 1 . They analyze the text of the code for patterns which the programmer wants to find. Haack and Jeffrey 6 discuss their pattern-matching system in the context of the Spi-calculus. We discuss our method of soft pattern generalization and matching in the next section. The pages that can be extracted at least one object are regarded as object pages. A new technique is required to handle the grouping operation in queries. The value which is determined by pattern matching is DataC KK the server's public key for the signature verification . This information is then logically combined into the proof obligations. Tuples are anonymous  , thus their removal takes place through pattern matching on the tuple contents. The Concern Manipulation Environment CME supports its own pattern-matching language for code querying. The instrumentation is based on rules for pattern-matching and is thus independent of the actual application. Siena is an event notification architecture . There have been many studies on this problem. To tackle this problem  , other musical features e.g. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and definition pattern matching. Perfect match is not always guaranteed. Our patterns are flexible -note that the example and matched sentences have somewhat different trees. Therefore  , the triple pattern matching operator must be placed in a plan before any of the following operators. For every pattern tp i in query Q  , a sorted access sa i retrieves matching triples in descending score order. The argument can be any expression of antecedent operators and concepts and text. Thereby  , the amount of informa3. For the first run  , definition-style answers were obtained with KMS definition pattern-matching routines as described. Only patterns with score greater than some empirically determined threshold are applied in pattern matching. Pattern considers the words matching the patterns extracted from the original query as candidates.  ls: lightly stemmed words  , obtained by using pattern matching to remove common prefixes and suffixes. As an example  , consider the problem of pattern matching with electrocardiograms. Autonomous robots may exhibit similar characteristics. The reason is the handling of pattern matching in the generated Java code with trivially true conditional statements. A search token is a sequence of characters defining a pattern for matching linguistic tokens. Xcerpt's pattern matching is based on simulation unification. We do not present an exhaustive case study. It can extract facts of a certain given relation from Web documents. Second  , po boils down to " pattern matching  , " which is a major function of today's page-based search engine. Through training  , each pattern is assigned the probability that the matching text contains the correct answer. Stream slot filling is done by pattern matching documents with manually produced patterns for slots of interest. We have reviewed the newly-adopted techniques in our QA system. -relevance evaluation  , which allows ordering of answers. These patterns were automatically mined from web and organized by question type. Similar to the twig query  , we can also define matching twig patterns on a bisimulation graph of an XML tree. The searching trajectory can be designed intentionally to ease detection of such features. The template of a character is represented by a dot pattern on the 50*50 grid.  s: aggressively stemmed words  , found using the Sebawai morphological analyzer. The generated file is used for programming of FPGA and pattern matching. The general idea behind the approach is pattern matching. Researchers using genetic data frequently are interested in finding similar sequences. Pattern matching has been used in a number of applications . Pattern matching tools help the programmer with the task of chunking. The representation for data objects and their relationships with each other is a relational data base with a pattern-matching access mechanism. A more likely domain/range restriction enhances the candidate matching. Cossette and colleagues 9 used a pattern matching approach to link artifacts among languages. Application designers can exploit the programmability of the tuple spaces in different ways. Replace performs pattern matching and substitution and is available in the SIR with 32 versions that contain seeded faults. Feasible ? Implementation We have developed a prototype tool for coverage refinement . Other languages for programming cryptographic protocols also contain this functionality. In this paper we are only interested in SPARQL CONSTRUCT queries. The result is empty  , if negatively matched statements are known to be negative. Additionally  , a classifier approach is more difficult to evaluate and explain results. Two sets of rules are developed to generate numbers and entities  , respectively. Proposals for pattern-matching operators are of little use unless indices can be defined to permit . Blank nodes have to be associated with values during pattern matching similiar to variables. it changes the schema of the contained elements. The Entrez Gene database and MeSH database were used for query expansion. In their most general forms these ope~'a~ors are somewhat problematic. Pattern matching approaches are widely used because of their simplicity. attack or legitimate activity  , according to the IDS model. Definition 15 Basic Graph Pattern Matching. Our context consistency checking allows any data structure for context descriptions. for a minimal functional language with string concatenation and pattern matching over strings 23. Definition 5.4 Complex graph pattern matching. Normal frames with a hea.der pattern can be used for both matching and inheritance . However  , header patterns of those frames cannot be inherited -only their cases. Thus  , pattern mining that relies solely on matching type names for program entities would not work. Since the combinator used in the event pattern is or  , matching el is sufficient to trigger the action . It was shown in the PRIX system 17  that the above encoding supports ordered twig pattern matching efficiently. In order to print matches and present the results in root-to-leaf order  , we extended the mechanism proposed by 5. For example  , tree pattern matching has also been extensively studied in XML stream environment 7  , 15 . due to poor lighting conditions  , reflections or dust. Similarly  , the *PARAGRAPH* operator reduces the scope of the pattern matching to a single paragraph. The liberty to choose any feature detector is the advantage of this method. Basically  , SPARQL rests on the notion of graph pattern matching. Triple Pattern Matching. The relative calibration between the rigs is achieved automatically via trajectory matching. Otherwise  , if no graph pattern from C matches  , the source graph pattern P represents graphs that can be transformed into unsafe graphs by applying r  , and If a graph pattern from C matches the source graph pattern  , the application of r is either irrelevant  , as the source graph pattern already represents a forbidden state  , or impossible   , because it is preempted by another matching rule with higher priority. Note that one image-pattern neuron is added at every training point and the target's pose at that point is stored in conjunction with the image-pattern neuron for use later. We explicitly declare the pattern type i.e. The idea is to model  , both the structure of the database and the query a pattern on structure  , as trees  , to find an embedding of the pattern into the database which respects the hierarchical relationships between nodes of the pattern. To avoid such an overhead  , each time a pattern is converted from an expression  , the expression's instruction is added to the re-evaluation rules that include the new pattern. After experimenting with several structural pattern languages based on text  , we discovered that any moderately sophisticated tern quickly becomes difficult to understand. We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Therefore  , a reasonable role-based identification is to assign the role pattern correlation matrix F R 1 ,2 which is the most similar to the one C We are aware that an exact matching between correlation matrices respectively relying on role pattern and users' search behaviors is dicult to reach since the role pattern is characterized by negative correlations equal to -1. Standard pruning is straightforward and can be accomplished simply by hashing atomsets into bins of suhstructures based on the set of mining bonds. A pattern describes what will be affected by the transformation; an action describes the replacement for every matching instance of the pattern in the source code. Given the fact that a question pattern usually share few common words with each perspective  , we can hardly build effective matching models based on word-level information. This year  , we further incorporated a new answer extraction component Shen and Lapata  , 2007 by capturing evidence of semantic structure matching. Approximate string matching 16 is an alternative to exact string matching  , where one textual pattern is matched to another while still allowing a number of errors. Especially with unpitched sources  , we expect that searching for a melody will be complex  , not simply a matter of literal string matching. The purpose of using such hard matching patterns in addition to soft matching patterns is to capture those well-formed definition sentences that are missed due to the imposed cut-off of ranking scores by soft pattern matching and centroid-based weighting. Each time cgrep returns matching strings  , they are removed from the document representation and the procedure is repeated with the same phrase. The exact matching requires a total mapping from query nodes to data nodes  , i.e. To perform a matching operation with respect to a contiguous word phrase  , two approaches are possible. The straightforward solution  , which recursively Figure 3: Tree-pattern matching by subsequence matching identifies matches for each node within the query sequence in order  , requires quadratic time in the document size and therefore becomes not competitive. For example  , if OOPDTool detects an instance of the FactoryMethod design pattern  , it would detect not only the presence of this pattern in the design but also all classes corresponding to the Abstract Creator  , Concrete Creator  , Abstract Product  , and Concrete Product participants found in this design pattern instance. The problem of mining graph-structured data has received considerable attention in recent years  , as it has applications in such diverse areas as biology  , the life sciences  , the World Wide Web  , or social sciences. Results The data are summarized in Table 1   , which gives totals for each pattern/scope combination  , and in Fig- ure 4  , which graphs the totals for each pattern and scope examples not matching any pattern are grouped under UNKNOWN. The problem of finding the top-k lightest loopless path  , matching a pre-specified pattern  , is NP-hard and furthermore   , simple heuristics and straightforward approaches are unable to efficiently solve the problem in real time see Section 2.3. We have adopted a " query language " approach  , using a well understood  , expressively limited  , relatively compact query language; with GENOA  , if an analyzer is written strictly using the sublanguage Qgenoa  , the complexity is guaranteed to be polynomial. The idea proposed in 9  is to compile XSLT <applytemplates/> instruction into a combination of XQuery's conditional expressions where the expression conditions literally model the template pattern matching and the expression bodies contain function calls that invoke the corresponding XQuery function that translated from the XSLT template. If the pattern has a 'don't care' symbol  , then the cell should essentially perform a 'unit stage delay' function to propagate the match signal from the previous stage to the next stage. For example  , if we know that the label " 1.2.3.4 " presents the path " a/b/c/d "   , then it is quite straightforward to identify whether the element matches a path pattern e.g. " We have already mentioned bug pattern matchers 10  , 13  , 27: tools that statically analyze programs to detect specific bugs by pattern matching the program structure to wellknown error patterns. Self-encrypting and polymorphic viruses were originally devised to circumvent pattern-matching detection by preventing the virus generating a pattern. Exact queries in Aranea are generated by approximately a dozen pattern matching rules based query terms and their part-of-speech tags; morpho-lexical pattern matches trigger the creation of reformulated exact queries. We describe one such optimization in this paper  , which is called pattern indexing and is based on the observation that a document typically matches just a relatively small set of patterns. Annotated Pattern Trees accept edge matching specifications that can lift the restriction of the traditional oneto-one relationship between pattern tree node and witness tree node. This method creates a definition of length N by taking the The extracted partial syntax-tree pattern contains Figure 2: Pattern extraction and matching for a Genus-Species sentence from an example sentence. first N unique sentences out of this sorted order  , and serves as the TopN baseline method in our evaluation . In 1  , we came to the conclusion that the pattern matching approach suffers from a relatively low recall because the answer patterns are often too specific. Higher-level problems  , including inconsistency  , incompleteness and incorrectness can be identified by comparing the semi-formal model to the Essential interaction pattern and to the " best practice " examples of EUC interaction pattern templates. Given a back-point βintv  , p index  , the uncertain part of sequence S is the sequence segment S i that is inside β.intv  , while the pattern segment P i   , which is possibly involved in uncertain matching  , could be any pattern segment starting from β.p index. For example  , the head-and-shoulder pattern consists of a head point  , two shoulder points and a pair of neck points. Such tools do not generate concrete test cases and often result in spurious warnings  , due to the unsoundness of the modeling of language semantics. A straightforward way to solve the top-k lightest paths problem is to enumerate all paths matching the given path pattern and pick the top-k lightest paths. Therefore  , we need to convert a triple pattern into a set of coordinates in data space  , using the same hash functions that we used for index creation  , to obtain coordinates for a given RDF triple. Section 3 describes the architecture of our definition generation system  , including details of our application of PRF to automatically label the training data for soft pattern generalization. It also became clear that developers want to use high-level structural concepts e.g. A rewrite rule is a double grafting transformation consisting of a tree pattern T also called " the lefthand side "  and advice Γ that is applied to the source at all locations where T matches. The worst case scenario would be for the optimizer to not incorporate sorting into the pattern tree match and apply it afterwards. Pattern matching deal with two problems  , the graph isomorphism problem that has a unknown computational complexity  , and the subgraph isomorphism problem which is NP-complete. One aspect of our work extends CPPL to include match statements that perform pattern matching. We assume that XML documents are tokenized by a languagedependent tokenizer to identify linguistic tokens. Leila is a state-ofthe-art system that uses pattern matching on natural language text. Third  , template parameters  , as opposed to XQuery function parameters   , may be optional. A session S supports a pattern P if and only if P is a subsequence of S not violating string matching constraint. They hence can be pushed to be executed in the navigation pattern matching stage for deriving variable bindings. Nevertheless  , CnC possibly suffers more than bug pattern matching tools in this regard because it has no domain-specific or context knowledge. With the use of AI techniques for semantic pattern matching  , it may be possible to build a relatively successful library manager. In IntelliJ IDEA  , there is a facility called Structural Search and Replace that enables limited transformations by pattern matching on the syntax tree. The pattern-matching techniques  , such as PMD  , are unsound but scale well and have been effectively employed in industry. Patterns were originally developed to capture recurring solutions to design and coding prob- lems 12 . Furthermore   , it allows for restriction of the query domain  , similar to context definitions in SOQUET 8 . When a group of methods have similar names  , we summarize these methods as a scope expression using a wild-card pattern matching operator . Certain PREfast analyses are based on pattern matching in the abstract syntax tree of the C/C++ program to find simple programming mistakes. -bash-2.05>echo "test1 test test2" | grep -Fw test -bash-2.05> Option −F prescribes that the pattern expression is used as a string to perform matching. We have thus decided to combine navigational probing with FSMs and present a new method SINGLEDFA for this category. In a first step the name is converted to its unique SMILES representation: For each matching SMARTS pattern  , we set the corresponding bit to 1. Exact pattern matching in a suux tree involves one partial traversal per query.  We show the efficient coordination of queries spanning multiple peers. This paper has explored the integration of traditional database pattern matching operators and numeric scientific operators. These patterns  , such as looking for copular constructions and appositives  , were either hand-constructed or learned from a training corpus. The patterns used in ILQUA are automatically learned and extracted. However in some situations  , external knowledge is helpful  , the challenge here is how to acquire and apply external knowledge. The what questions that are classified by patterns are in Table  ? For query generation  , we modify verb constructions with auxiliaries that differ in questions and corresponding answers  , e.g. " The system then builds semantic representation for both the question and the selected sentences. We found that 12 ,006 reports had one visit associated while 2 ,387 of the reports had more than or equal to 10 visits. Besides generating seed patterns  , the Pattern Matching method also relies on the ability of tagging the words correctly. An example of the pattern matching operation is shown in Figure 19 The 'anchor' input line could be pulsed with arrival of every text character  , in which case the operations will take place in the 'unanchored' mode. This occurs because  , during crawling  , only the links matching the regular expression in the navigation pattern are traversed. We run each generated crawler over the corresponding Web site of Table 2two more times. When certain characters are found in an argument  , they cause replacement of that argument by a sorted list of zero or more file names obtained by pattern-matching on the contents of directories. Most characters match themselves. In general  , mining specifications through pattern matching produces a large result set. Previous work 10  , 18  , 25 on mining alternating specifications has largely focused on developing efficient ranking and selection mechanisms . For the first matching pattern  , the exception handler of that catch block is executed. No matching pattern indicates that PAR cannot generate a successful patch for a bug since no fix template has appropriate editing scripts. Word expert parsers 77  seem particularly suitable ; the TOPIC system employs one to condense information from article abstracts into frames 39. In particular  , there are two sets of rules predicates which work together to identify the set of successor tasks. EDITOR is a procedural language 4 for extraction and restructuring of text from arbitrary documents. by embedding meta data with RDFa. outline preliminaries in Sect. The deletion of triples also removes the knowledge that has been inferred from these triples. Relevant datasets are selected using the predicate-matching method  , that a triple pattern is assigned to datasets that contains its predicate. There is often not much texture in indoor man-made environments for high coverage dense stereo matching. Accordingly  , it is able to localize points more precisely even if an image is suffering from noise. On the other hand  , pattern matching method performs directly on original image. We use a method  , which is based on binary morphological operation  , to recognize the micro tube. During the preliminary system learning two binary images are formed fig. Also  , this method can be accelerated using hierarchical methods like in the pattern matching approach. Biological swarm members often exhibit behavioral matching based on the localized group's pattern  , such that behaviors are synchronized 4. Figure 9shows an interesting inversed staircase pattern due to the reverse presentation order. Our second major enhancement to traditional parallel coordinates visualization allows the user to query shapes based on approximate pattern matching. However  , conversations are bound to evolve in different conversational patterns  , leading to a progressive decay in the matching ambiguity. SA first identifies the T-expression  , and tries to find matching sentiment patterns. Note that figures 7 and 8 represent matching results of the sequences grouped into the same cluster. To determine relevant sources we first need to identify the region in data space that contains all possible triples matching the pattern. It matches the exact source code fragment selected by the user and all the other source code fragments that are textually similar to the selection whitespace and comments are ignored by the pattern matcher. For example  , the proximity function can be evaluated by keeping track of the word count in relation to specified set of pattern matches. The elementary graph pattern is called a basic graph pattern BGP; it is a set of triple patterns which are RDF triples that may contain variables at the subject  , predicate  , and object position. The C-SPARQL 1 extension enabled the registration of continuous SPARQL queries over RDF streams  , thus  , bridging data streams with knowledge bases and enabling stream reasoning. Two important types of patterns are the value change pattern and the failure pattern. Basic quadruple pattern matching is not directly applicable  , if an expression " GRAPH γ " appears outside a complex triple pattern . These potential problems are highlighted to the engineer using visual annotations on the EUC model elements. In terms of CASE tools support  , we are testing a few mechanisms that allow generation of constraints for pattern verification as well as matching rules for pattern recovery given a UML design model. This model can represent insertion  , deletion and framing errors as well as substitution errors. Then extracted sentences are scanned  , detecting the constructs matching the template < person1 >< pattern >< person2 > such as <Barack Obama><and his rival><John McCain>  , using a person names dictionary and a sliding window with a pattern length of three words. To reduce noise in the data we exclude pairs with identical names and discard overly long sentences and patterns. The individual right that the teacher Martin holds  , allowing him to reproduce an excerpt of the musical piece during a lesson  , is derived from the successful matching between the instances describing the intended action and the instances describing the pattern. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. Thus in the experiments below  , for the target set any attribute value that is not specifically of interest as specified by the target pattern retains its original value for determining matching rules. 3 Many research works for the repeating patterns have been on an important subtype: the tandem repeats 10  , where repeating copies occur together in the sequence. The matching degree is calculated in two parts. On the other hand  , the pattern in Figure 2a will not capture all resale activities due to the limitation of using the single account matching. Nevertheless  , such pattern matching is well supported in current engines  , by using inverted lists– our realization can build upon similar techniques. For example   , one cannot constrain the matching of events that logically match various parts of the same event pattern to those events that were generated by the same user or on the same machine. Nevertheless  , we anticipate that pattern-matching operations on NEUMES data as distinct from literal string matching will be required during melodic search and comparison operations. Incorporating individual slots' probabilities enables the bigram model to allow partial matching  , which is a characteristic of soft pattern matching. In other words  , even if some slots cannot be matched  , the bigram model can still yield a high match score by combining those matched slots' unigram probabilities. If no handler is found in the whole call stack  , the exception handler mechanism either propagates a general exception or the program is terminated. In LOTUS  , query text is approximately matched to existing RDF literals and their associated documents and IRI resources Req1. To train these semantic matching models  , we need to collect three training sets  , formed by pairs of question patterns and their true answer type/pseudopredicate/entity pairs. The tool implementation of MATA has been extended to include matching of any fragments using AGG as the back-end graph rule execution engine. Rose starts by invoking a traditional pattern matching and lexicon based information extraction engine. Techniques were used for query expansion  , tokenization  , and eliminating results due solely to matching an acronym on the query side with an acronymic MeSH term. However the matching is not straightforward because of the two reasons. Consider a software system that is modeled by its inheritance and containment graphs  , and the task is to analyze how many instances of the design pattern Composite are used in the design of the system. During the training session  , the above extraction pattern is applied to the web page and the first table matching the pattern is returned as the web clip. This is presented to the user by Figure 4: Training session highlighting the clipped element with a blue border. Therefore  , in the following components we treat URLs matching with each pattern as a separate source of information. If a sample graph vertex label matches the pattern but is not correctly mapped to the model graph vertex then the fitness of the projection is reduced. Matching of a substantial part of an extracted EUC model to an EUC pattern indicates potential incompleteness and/or incorrectness at the points of deviation from the pattern. As part of an earlier task on a system that supported the visualization of object connections in a distributed system  , the subject had implemented a locking mechanism to allow only one method of an object to execute at one time. 3 In case some attributes are non-nullable  , we use SET DEFAULT to reset attributes values to their default value. Certainly  , if the lexicon is available in main memory it can be scanned using normal pattern rnatching techniques to locate partially specified terms. Each of the rewriting patterns contains a * symbol  , which encodes the required position of the answer in the text with respect to the pattern. In the next section  , we will see that estimating the intended path from an incomplete sequence of the subject's motion even after it is started holds technical utility. Each fragment matching a triple pattern fragment is divided into pages  , each page contains 100 triples. Thus  , by saving the 3D edge identifiers in dlata points of a CP pattern  , correspondence between the model edges and the image edges can be obtained after matching. This is done without any overhead in the procedure of counting conditional databases. Pattern-based approaches  , on the other hand  , represent events as spatio-temporal patterns in sensor readings and detect events using efficient pattern matching techniques. In the first case  , the Triplify script searches a matching URL pattern for the requested URL  , replaces potential placeholders in the associated SQL queries with matching parts in the request URL  , issues the queries and transforms the returned results into RDF cf. Moreover   , the advantage of using this software and pattern is to eliminate human-introduced errors in the selection and matching of points. A truly robust solution needs to include other techniques  , such as machine learning applied to instances  , natural language technology  , and pattern matching to reuse known matches. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate sentences or passages and a list of named entities are generated as answer candidate. For each subphrase in the list we use cgrep – a pattern matching program for extracting minimal matching strings Clarke 1995 to extract the minimal spans of text in the document containing the subphrase. In addition to weighting the importance of matching data in the high-information regions  , it would also be appropriate to weight the most current data more strongly. Characteristics of projective transformation is also utilized to perform correspondences between two coordinate systems and to extract points. The pattern matching for the rules is done by recursive search with optimisations  , such as identifying an optimal ordering for the evaluation of the rules and patterns. Like ML  , it has important features such as pattern matching and higher-order functions  , while allowing the use of updatable references. The advantages of this type of programming language in compiler-like tools is well-known 1. XOBE is an extension of Java  , which does support XPath expressions  , but subtyping is structural. But they cannot combine data streams with evolving knowledge  , and they cannot perform reasoning tasks over streaming data. Secondly  , having a more accurate selection in an incremental transformation allows minimizing the instructions that need to be re-evaluated. Clearly  , video indexing is complex and many factors influence both how people select salient segments. The Jena graph implementation for non-inference in-memory models supports the look-up for the number of triples matching either a subject  , a predicate or an object of a triple pattern. 630 where Φ 1 and Φ 2 are relations representing variable assignments and their annotations. In standard SPARQL query forms  , such as SE- LECT and CONSTRUCT  , allow to specify how resulting variable bindings or RDF graphs  , respectively  , are formed based on the solutions from graph pattern matching 15 . We proposed VERT  , to solve these content problems   , by introducing relational tables to index values. In addition to the data provided by Zimmermann et al. The argument p is often called a template  , and its fields contain either actuals or formals. In the literature " approximate string matching " also refers to the problem of finding a pattern string approximately in a text. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows. At each point  , partial or total pattern matching is performed  , depending on the existing partial matches and the current node. Thus  , treating a Web repository as an application of a text retrieval system will support the " document collection " view. The set of common attributes is preconfigured as domain knowledge  , which is used in attribute matching as well. A large body of work in combinatorial pattern matching deals with problems of approximate retrieval of strings 2  , 11. We designed our method for databases and files where records are stored once and searched many times. In the general computer science literature  , pattern matching is among the fundamental problems with many prominent contributions 4 . Surface text pattern matching has been adopted by some researchers Ravichandran & Hovy 2002  , Soubbotin 2002 in building QA system during the last few years. ple sentence to pattern  , and then shows a matching sentence. From all these images  , the software mentioned above detected matching points on the calibration pattern for each pan and tilt configuration. Most current models of the emotion generation or formation are focused on the cognitive aspects. Systems like EP-SPARQL 4 define pattern matching queries through a set of primitive operators e.g. Thus question answering cannot be reduced to mere pattern matching  , but requires firstorder theorem proving. Further  , research methods and contextual relations are identified using a list of identified indicator phrases. More like real life.. pattern matching using the colours can be used for quicker reference. " In parallel  , semantic similarity measures have been developed in the field of information retrieval  , e.g. First  , the new documents are parsed to extract information matching the access pattern of the refined path. We compared the labels sizes of four labeling schemes in Table 2. Finally  , K query partitions are created by assigning the queries in the i th bucket of any pattern to query partition i. When a new instrument is created matching the the pattern  , a notification is sent to GTM which in turn creates the track.2 To accomplish creation of inventory on future patterns   , a trigger as implemented in DBAL is defined . It entails a match step to find all rules with a context pattern matching the current context. Building on the suffix array   , it also incorporates ideas embedded in the Burrows-Wheeler transform. This restriction is not essential  , since those pattern-matching expressions could perfectly well generate a nested structure. Given an external concept  , we perform a pattern matching on the thesaurus  , made of the following operations : a-1 inclusion step : We look for a thesaurus item i.e a clique which includes the given group. The resulting fingerprint for Sildenafil is 1100. Therefore  , it is effective in giving the number n of unmatched characters permitted on pattern matching. Thus  , the larger the text collection is  , the greater the probability that simple pattern matching techniques will yield the correct answer. A considerable number of NEs of person  , organization and location appear in texts with no obvious surface patterns to be captured. We used pattern matching to extract and normalize this information. We have plans on generating classifiers for slot value extraction purposes. This automatic slot filling system contains three steps. In evaluations  , we only vary the definition pattern matching module while holding constant all other components and their parameters. Additionally  , ultrasonic diagnosis images were obtained for which pattern matching was performed to measure the virtual target position. Normally  , the For the detection of the same object rotated around the z-axis of the image plane  , the template has to be rotated and searched from scratch. Detection time with angle increment 6 5 5 varies between 2-4 seconds. In other words  , the object features used for pattern matching refer to the latter distribution. The generation of potential candidates i s performed by Prolog's pattern matching. Our stereo-vision system has been designed specifically for QRIO. Each sign is recognized by matching the operator's finger positions to the corresponding pattern acquired during calibration. Each of the 41 QA track runs ~ ,vas re-scored using the pattern matching judgments. However they are quite often used probably  , unconsciously! Consequently searches need to be based on similarity or analogy – and not on exact pattern-matching. The testing system of improved pre-decode pattern matching circuit is described in Figure 7. . which the other components on this level rely. Each size of the model of quadrangle  , each location of the pattern matching model  , and the location of the center of iris are established. An online pattern matching mechanism comparing the sensor stream to the entire library of already known contexts is  , however  , computational complex and not yet suitable for today's wearable devices. In general  , introducing uncertainty into pattern discovery in temporal event sequences will risk for the computational complexity problem. The time points are identified for the best matching of the segments with pattern templates. Second  , we allow for some degree of tolerance when we try to establish a matching between the vertex-coordinates of the pattern and its supporting transaction. Entity annotation systems  , datasets and configurations like experiment type  , matching or measure are implemented as controller interfaces easily pluggable to the core controller. Whenever a context change is detected  , the change is immediately examined to decide its influence on pat. words are mapped to their base forms thus completely solving the problem with the generation of plural forms. Unlike the approach presented in this paper  , PORE does not incorporate world knowledge  , which would be necessary for ontology building and extension. Most approaches applicable to our problem formulation use some form of pattern matching to identify definition sentences. In a similar fashion  , it keeps track of the provenance of all entities being retrieved in the projections getEntity. Similar to most existing approaches  , our information extractor can only be applied to web pages with uniform format. These techniques have also been used to extend WordNet by Wikipedia individuals 21 . Multi-level grouping can be efficiently supported in V ERT G . Traditional twig pattern matching techniques suffer from problems dealing with contents  , such as difficulty in data content management and inefficiency in performing content search. From a matching logic perspective  , unlike in other program verification logics  , program variables like root are not logical variables; they are simple syntactic constants. The generated pattern is concrete  , that is  , it contains no wildcards and no matching constraints. 31  , extracted the data from the Eclipse code repository and bug database and mapped defects to source code locations files using some heuristics based on pattern matching. The time overhead of event instrumentation and pattern matching is approximately 300 times to the program execution. Pattern matching checks the attributes of events or variables. -Named Entity analyzer uses language specific context-sensitive rules based on word features recognition pattern matching. Our approach combines a number of complementary technologies  , including information retrieval and various linguistic and extraction tools e.g. The weight of the matched sub-tree of a pattern is defined by the formula: For the evaluation of the importance of partially matching sub-trees we use a scoring scheme defined in Kouylekov and Tanev  , 2004. We describe herein a Web based pattern mining and matching approach to question answering. For the Streaming Slot Filling task  , our system achieved the goal of filling slots by employing a pattern learning and matching method. Instead of building a classifier we use pattern matching methods to find corresponding slot values for entities. The traditional method employed by PowerAnswer to extract nuggets is to execute a definition pattern matching module. It identifies definition sentences using centroid-based weighting and then applies the soft-pattern model for matching these definition sentences. Also  , there is a need to find ways to integrate numberic matching into the soft pattern models. To facilitate pattern matching   , all verbs are replaced by their infinitives and all nouns by their singular forms. This subsection gives an overview of the basic ideas and describes recent enhancements to improve the recall of answer extraction. Graph matching has been a research focus for decades 2  , especially in pattern recognition  , where the wealth of literature cannot be exhausted. Yet usually  , there are many possible ways to syntactically express one piece of semantic information making a na¨ıvena¨ıve syntactic " pattern matching " approach problematic at best. Since they end with the word died  , we use pattern matching to remove them from the historic events. Automatic music summarization approaches can be classified into machine learning based approaches 1 ,2 ,3 and pattern matching based approaches 4 ,5 ,6. An interesting goal of an intelligent IRS may be to retrieve information which can be deduced from the basic knowledoe given by the thesaurus. Flexible parsing methods  , often based on pattern matching  , are of value in these situations 41. We take both patterns and test instances as sequences of lexical and syntactic tokens. When conducted on free texts  , an IE system can also suffer from various unseen instances not being matched by trained patterns. Here  , " Architecture " is an expression of the pattern-matching sublanguage. Other words in the question might be represented in the question by a synonym which will not be found by simple pattern matching. We have shown that a mixed algebra and type model can be used to perform algebraic specification and optimization of scientific computations. We describe a novel string pattern matching principle  , called n-gram search  , first proposed in preliminary form in 10. Using it for pattern matching promises much higher efficiency than using the original record. This is the biggest challenge of rewriting XSLT into XQuery. The rules with the highest weights then indicate the recommenders to be applied. The third interaction module that we implemented is a rhythmic phrase-matching improvisation module. Normalized grayscale correlation is a widely used method in industry for pattern matching applications. This ensures that there is no simple pattern  , such as the query always precisely matching the title of the page in question. Although we endeavored to keep queries short  , we did not sacrifice preciseness to do so. At the end of this phase  , the logical database subset has been produced. Furthermore  , pattern matching across hyper-links which is important for Web Site navigation is not supported. Rule writing requires some knowledge of the JAPE pattern-matching lan- guage 11 and ANNIE annotations. In the Collocation matching activity  , students compete in pairs to match parts of a collocation pattern. Listing 1 shows an example query. Fig.5shows an example of model location setting on the basis of the inputted eye image. Then the position data are transmitted to each the satellite. For assessing pattern validity  , we use a simple measure based on the relative frequency of matching contexts in the context set. The procedure of creating start-point list is illustrated in Fig. Moreover  , patterns can only be determined from the unencrypted segment i.e. Others 51  , 32 can automatically infer rules by mining existing software; they raise warnings if violations of the rules occur. The first context instance in Figure 1has a matching relation with the first pattern in Figure 2.  We propose two optimizations based on semantic information like object and property  , which can further enhance the query performance. Thus at the end of initialization  , each tp-node has a BitMat associated with it which contains only the triples matching that triple pattern. In general we observed that a small but specific set of attributes are sufficient indicators of a navigational page. While Prolog is based on unification and backtracking  , B is based on a simple but powerful pattern-matching mechanism whose application is guided by tactics. The scope of these free variables is restricted to the rule where they appear just like for Prolog clauses. For example  , one instrumentation rule states " Measure the response time of all calls to JDBC " . Second  , it would be useful to investigate customization solutions based on shared tree pattern matching  , once such technology is sufficiently developed. Leading data structures utilized for this purpose are suffix trees 11 and suffix arrays 2. For brevity  , we have omitted most of the components used to support keyword queries. For example  , suppose an input text contains 20 desired data records  , and a maximal repeat that occurs 25 times enumerates 18 of them. In our work  , a rule-based approach using string pattern matching is applied to generate a set of features. 5  employed a simple method which defines several manuallyconstructed definition patterns to extract definition phrases. This definition of basic graph pattern matching treats positively matched statement patterns as in 4. For example  , the extended VarTrees and TagTrees of example Q1 and Q2 are depicted in Figure 6respectively. In reporting on KMS for TREC 2004  , we described in detail the major types of functions employed: XML  , linguistic  , dictionary  , summarization  , and miscellaneous string and pattern matching. A list of over 150 positive and negative precomputed patterns is loaded into memory. The composition of the patterns  , the testing methodology  , and the results  , are detailed in Fernandes  , 2004. It does not have natural language understanding capabilities  , but employs simple pattern matching and statistics. The idea of partial pattern matching is based on the assumption that the answer is usually surrounded by keywords and their synonyms. Geometric hashing 14 has been proposed aa a technique for fast indexing. The main difference is however  , that XSLT templates are activated as a result of dynamic pattern matching while XQuery functions are invoked explicitly. The strategy of the pattern-matching can be ruled by an action planner able to dynamically define partial goals to reach. The patterns are assumed to be always right-adjusted in each cascade. RDF triples can also be removed from the knowledge base by providing a statement pattern matching the triples to be deleted delete. This principle will be applied decoupling the functional properties from the non functional properties matching. The other extracts the structure in some way from the text parsing  , recognizing markup  , etc. We conduct a series of extrinsic experiments using the two soft pattern models on TREC definitional QA task test data. Definition pattern matching is the most important feature used for identifying definitions. Providing formal models for modeling contextual lexico-syntactic patterns is the main contribution of this work. In this paper  , we use correlation based pattern' matching to realize the recognition of the oosperm and micro tube in real time. We assume that the occurrence of significant patterns in nonchronological order is more likely to arise as a local phenomenon than a global one. The grep program searches one or more input files for lines containing a match to a specified pattern  , and prints out matching lines. We can therefore define the notion of a strand  , which is a set of substrings that share one same matching pattern. In the tradeoff between space and time  , most existing graph matching approaches assume static data graphs and hence prefer to pre-compute the transitive closure or build variablelength path indexes to trade space for efficient pattern matching. For instantiation   , we exploit an index as well as a pattern library that links properties with natural language predicates. The matching percentage is used because the pattern may contain only a portion of the data record. Pattern inflexibility: Whether using corpus-based learning techniques or manually creating patterns  , to our knowledge all previous systems create hard-coded rules that require strict matching i.e. Although such hard patterns are widely used in information extraction 10  , we feel that definition sentences display more variation and syntactic flexibility that may not be captured by hard patterns. In addition to surface text pattern matching  , we also adopt N-gram proximity search and syntactic dependency matching. N-grams of question terms are matched around every named entity in the candidate passages and a list of named entities are extracted as answer candidate. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. The input sources include data from lexico-syntactical pattern matching  , head matching and subsumption heuristics applied to domain text. Afterwards  , the location of eye can be measured by detecting a agreement part with the paltern matching model in the eye image input. In this paper  , we have proposed  , designed and implemented a pattern matching NIDS based on CIDF architecture and mature intrusion detection technology  , and presented the detailed scheme and frame structure. In a first pilot study 71  , we determined whether the tasks have suitable difficulty and length. The relationship between context instances and patterns is called the matching relation  , which is mathematically represented by the belong-to set operator . PORE is a holistic pattern matching approach  , which has been implemented for relation-instance extraction from Wikipedia. With that improvement one can still write filenames such as *.txt. The matching problem is then defined as verifying whether GS is embedded in GP or isomorphic to one or more subgraphs of GP . The restriction of axes in XSLT has been introduced for performance reasons and the goal was to allow efficient pattern matching. In the following  , we give some formulas in order to perform pattern matching between expressions and patterns. Each URL not matching any patterns is regarded as a single pattern. These approaches use information extraction technologies that include pattern matching  , natural-language parsing  , and statistical learning 25  , 9  , 4  , 1  , 23  , 20  , 8 . In order to define these two functions we need the statistics defined in Table 1 . It is less restrictive than subgraph isomorphism  , and can be determined in quadratic time 16. That also explains why many twig pattern matching techniques  , e.g. For example  , we use the POS tag sequence between the entity pairs as a candidate extraction pattern. KIM has a rule-based  , human-engineered IE system  , which uses the ontology structure during pattern matching and instance disambiguation. In order to express extractions of parts of the messages a pattern matching approach is chosen. 2 Specification based on set-theoretic notations. Seven propositions  , or " patterns " in were found. In typical document search  , it is also commonly used– e.g. Our FiST system matches twig patterns holistically using the idea of encoding XML documents and twig patterns into Prüfer sequences 17. used ordered pattern matching over treebanks for question answering systems 15. Since the automata model was originally designed for matching patterns over strings  , it is a natural paradigm for structural pattern retrieval on XML token streams 7  , 8  , 4. Then  , this information is encoded as an Index Fabric key and inserted into the index. Users can request creation of a track by giving patterns for instrument names. The algebraic properties of AS allow us to quickly calculate the AS of an n-gram from the CAS encoded record. To achieve this goal we should re-formulate queries avoiding " redundant " conditions. This allows us to detect if the equation contains certain types of common algebraic structures . Here  , pattern matching can be considered probabilistic generation of test sequences based on training sequences. Previously  , a list of over 200 positive and negative pre-computed patterns was loaded into memory. We rely on hand-crafted pattern-matching rules to identify the main headings  , in order to build different indices and allow for field-based search. To identify the target of a question  , pattern matching is applied to assign one of the 18 categories to the question. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Basically  , DBSCAN is based on notion of density reachability. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. In DBSCAN  , the density concept is introduced by the notations: Directly density-reachable  , Density-reachable  , and Densityconnected . However  , because objects are organized into lineal formations  , the larger Eps is  , the larger void pad is. Each cluster is a maximum set of density-connected points. We implemented PreDeCon as well as the three comparative methods DBSCAN  , PROCLUS  , and DOC in JAVA. CHAMELEON requires the setting of the number of clusters to he sought  , which is generally not known. We can see that DBSCAN is 2-3 times slower than both SPARCL and Chameleon on smaller datasets. Eps and MinPts " in the following whenever it is clear from the context. In the case of DBSCAN the index finds the correct number of clusters that is three. Comparison with DBSCAN. Concluding remarks are offered in Section 4. DBSCAN proved very sensitive to the parameter settings. The resulting point cloud is a smooth continuous surface with all outliers removed. Scalability experiments were performed on 3d datasets as well. The tripwise LTD file records are indexes of consolidated stoppages made during trips. The DBSCAN technique was modified with KD-trees to reduce the computational complexity. The local clusters are represented by special objects that have the best representative power. Note that the definition of " Noise " is equivalent to DBSCAN. 1 who propose a hierarchical version of DBSCAN called OPTICS. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. Table 2. shows an example of records that could be mistakenly clustered together by DBSCAN without an integrity check. However  , there may be applications where this assumption does not hold  , i.e. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Of course  , in this example DBSCAN itself could have found the two clusters. DBSCAN successfully identifies different types of patterns of user-system interaction that can be interpreted in light of how users interact with WorldCat. k since for each core point there are at least MinPts points excluding itself within distance Eps. Streemer on the other hand first finds candidate clusters and then only merges them if the resulting cluster is highly cohesive. A region query returns all objects intersecting a specified query region. An object o is directly density reachable from another object o if it is not farther away than a given density radius ε and o is surrounded more than θ objects. The distribution of these points is shown in Fig 9. DBSCAN is used to cluster the entire data set. For OP- TICS  , M inP ts is set to a fixed value so that density-based clusters of different densities are characterized by different values for . Then  , DBSCAN visits the next object of the database D. The retrieval of density-reachable objects is performed by successive region queries.  We complement our quantitative evaluation with a qualitative one Section 5. But in high-dimensional spaces the parameter ε specifying the density threshold must be chosen very large  , because a lot of dimensions contribute to the distance values. So MinP ts must be large enough to distinguish noise and clusters. In our application of DBSCAN  , all the terms in documents were tokenized  , stemmed using Porter stemmer  , and stopwords were removed. Distance between documents was computed as 1 -cosine similarity. Advantages of these schemes include the ability to segment non convex shapes  , identify noise  , and automatically estimate the number of partitions in a data set. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. To find a cluster  , DBSCAN starts with an arbitrary object p in D and retrieves all objects of D density-reachable from p with respect to Eps and MinPfs. In this example  , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. However  , even for these small datasets  , the spectral approach ran out of memory. Table 1 summarizes the clusters and shows mean values for the original features  , as well as stability scores. In relation to DBSCAN unstable clusters represent data points that should either have formed part of another cluster or should have been classified as noise. Aside from being easy to implement and having an agreeable time complexity  , DBSCAN has many relevant advantages including its capacity to form arbitrarily shaped clusters and to automatically detect outliers. DBSCAN's ability to distinguish between points of varying density is limited while SNN can identify uniformly low density clusters by analysing the shared nearest neighbours between points. Knowledge of previous objects can be maintained for short durations if temporally occluded or when an object is missed due to the number of matched key-points dropping below the minP ts threshold required by DBSCAN. Streemer also requires similar parameters  , but we found that it is not sensitive to them. Obviously  , the larger void pad is  , the more chance to include noise data into a cluster  , which can cause chain affection   , and hence lower quality of density. DBSCAN is a typical density-based method which connects regions with sufficiently high density into clusters. As we can see SPARCL also perfectly identifies the shape-based clusters in these datasets. In this section we present the empirical results of SSDB- SCAN and compare it with DBSCAN and HISSCLU. According to the density-based definition  , a cluster consists of the minimum number of points MinPts to eliminate very small clusters as noise; and for every point in the cluster  , there exists another point in the same cluster whose distance is less than the distance threshold Eps points are densely located. From results presented in Section 4  , the indications are that the most unstable clusters clusters 8  , 9 and 10 should probably have formed part of other more stable clusters. One possible reason for this could be the fact that the parameter of DBSCAN is a global parameter and cannot be adjusted per-cluster. Points with fewer than minP ts in their ǫ neighbourhood are considered as noise within the DBSCAN framework  , unless on the boundary of a dense cluster. This classifier is initialised with the initial clusters found in the first pair of frames and then incrementally updated there after. In a data warehouse  , however  , the databases may have frequent updates and thus may be rather dynamic. The night sky is one example; as the magnification level is adjusted  , one will identify different groupings or clusters. Figure 2illustrates results of FIRES in comparison to SUBCLU  , and CLIQUE applied on a synthetic dataset containing three clusters of significantly varaying dimensionality and density. Parameter values of = 0.4 and M inP ts = 200 were chosen through empirical investigation. Previous work in person name disambiguation can be generally be categorized as either supervised or unsupervised approaches. For instance  , Deng  , Chuang  , and Lemmens  , 2009 use DBSCAN to cluster Flickr photos   , and they exploit tag co-occurrence to characterize the discovered clusters. Additionally  , if we were to pick the minimum-cost solution out of multiple trials for the local search methods  , the differences in the performance between BBC-Press vs. DBSCAN and Single Link becomes even more substantial  , e.g. We made similar observations when we applied DB- SCAN to the metabolome data: the computed clusters contained newborns with all sorts of class labels. Finally  , the notion of the representative trajectory of a cluster is provided. The problem of finding global density parameters has also been observed by Ankerst et al. DBSCAN produced a group of 10 clusters from the log data with around 20% classified as 'noise' – points too far away from any of the produced clusters to be considered for inclusion and discarded from further analyses. However   , before drawing inferences from the resulting clusters it is essential to validate the results to reduce the possibility that the clusters were identified by chance and do not actually reflect differences in the underlying data. Furthermore  , our work combines a streaming DBSCAN method along with constraints requirements that are not only at the instance level  , but also at the cluster level. As a result  , the result of STING approaches that of DBSCAN when the granularity approaches zero. Such queries are supported efficiently by spatial access methods such as R*trees BKSS 903 for data from a vector space or M-trees 4 IncrementalDBSCAN DBSCAN  , as introduced in EKSX 961  , is applied to a static database. The performance difference between our method BBC-Press and the other three methods is quite significant on all the five datasets  , given the small error bars. Density-based techniques like DBSCAN 4  , OPTICS 2 consider the density around each point to demarcate boundaries and identify the core cluster points. We apply DBSCAN to generate the baseclusters using a parameter setting as suggested in 8 and as refinement method with paramter settings for ε and minpts as proposed in Section 3.4. In our experiments  , it only requires 3 minutes to deal with one-day user logs of 150 ,000 queries. With respect to RQ2 cluster stability scores can be used help determine the optimum number of clusters and evaluate the " goodness " of the resulting clusters 7. When setting the speed-up factor to 1.0  , we obtain the number of updates denoted by MaxUpdates up to which the multiple application of IncrementalDBSCAN for each update is more efficient than the single application of DBSCAN to the whole updated database. For DBSCAN we do not show the results for DS4 and Swiss-roll since it returned only one cluster  , even when we played with different parameter set- tings. Since there are a lot of noise data  , DBSCAN with larger Eps is likely to include those noise data and cause chain affection  , forming serval larger clusters instead of small individual clusters. We also observed that the relative performance between U-AHC and F OPTICS  , and between F DBSCAN and U-AHC did not substantially vary with the dataset. Figure 10depicts the values of MaxUpdates depending on n for fde values of up to 0.5 which is the maximum value to be expected in most real applications. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. For a given nested query block  , several execution plans are possible  , each having its own required parameter sort order and cost. However   , we have chosen to re-arrange bytes by the sort order of prefixes read right to left. Results for such queries are shown in column TLC-O for the second group of queries q1-q2. This approach avoids generation of unwanted sort orders and corresponding plans. This Sort should also simplify the Group operation that follows and associates to each researcher the number of projects it belongs to. The sort continuous in this manner until the list of items is fully sorted in ascending order after the lg m th phase. While generating the plans for the nested blocks we consider only those plans that require a parameter sort order no stronger than the one guaranteed by the outer block. The cost of evaluating inner query block can vary significantly depending on the parameter sort order guaranteed by the outer query block. Correspondingly  , the cost of the outer parent query block can vary significantly depending on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the tuples produced. Then we sort the set of average intensities in ascending order and a rank is assigned to each block. The BWT rearranges characters in a block by the sort order of the suffixes of these characters. To reduce the number of candidate plans we can adopt a heuristic of considering only the physical operators that requires the strongest parameter sort order less than the guaranteed sort order. Depending on the delay condition  , HERB either simultaneously released the block no delay or waited until its head was fully turned and then released the block delay  , Fig- ure 2. Finally  , the block size for AIX is 2KB  , with Starburst assuming 4KB pages  , so each Starburst I/O actually requires two AIX I/OS.' A cost-based optimizer can consider the various interesting sort orders and decide on the overall best plan. For the table in Figure 3  , one might imagine that IP Address was used as a predictor for Client ID to some benefit because each user had a preferential computer   , shown below. If this heuristic is adopted in the above example  , when the parameter sort order guaranteed from the parent block is {p 1 } only the state retaining scan is considered and the plain table scan is dropped. An approximated block matrix is generated when we then sort the eigenvectors and rearrange the eigenvector components accordingly before calculating the eigenprojector. In this approach we first traverse all the blocks nested under a given query block and identify the set of all interesting parameter sort orders. Vo and Vo also showed that usage of multiple predictors for breaking ties in sort order often improves compression. For queries where other factors dominate the cost  , like join q2  , the speedup is relatively small. The rewrite applies only to single block selection queries. The run block size is the buffer size for external Instead of sorting the records in the data buffer directly  , we sort a set of pointers pointing to the records. We consider LB to be the elementary block and we attempt to discuss the possibilities of fault tolerance in this program. Since the matrices are hermitian  , the blocks are symmetric but different in color. Similarly  , the second phase of bitonic sort involves merging each even-indexed 2- item block with the 2-item block immediately following it  , producing a list where consecutive 4-item blocks are sorted in alternating directions. Now  , the compatible combinations of plans and the effective parameter sort order they require from the parent block are as shown in Figure 5. Participants were also told that HERB's head would move and that HERB may provide suggestions about how to sort the blocks  , but that the final sorting method was up to them. Further  , the cost of the plan for the outer query block can vary significantly based on the sort order it needs to guarantee on the parameters. The necessary conditions to bundle operators within a block are: same degrees of parallelism and same partitioning strategies. Traditionally  , BWT rearranges bytes in a block by the sort order of all its suffixes. It is unfair for one sort to allocate extra memory it cannot use while others are waiting; l a sort whose performance is not very sensitive to memory should yield to sorts whose performance is more affected by memory space; l large sorts should not block small sorts indefinitely   , while small sorts should not prevent large sorts from getting a reasonable amount of mem- ory; l when all other conditions are the same  , older sorts should have priority over younger sorts. To eliminate unnecessary data traversal  , when generating data blocks  , we sort token-topic pairs w di   , z di  according to w di 's position in the shuffled vocabulary  , ensuring that all tokens belonging to the same model slice are actually contiguous in the data block see Figure 1 . If suffixes provide a good context for characters  , this creates regions of locally low entropy  , which can be exploited by various back-end compressors. Besides SIMDization  , implementing bitonic sort efficiently on the SPEs also require unrolling loops and avoiding branches as much as possible. The final permutation 41352 represents the sort order of the five tokens using last byte most significant order  , and can be used as input to future calls to permute. The bottom-up approach can be understood by the following signature of the Optimizer method. In the logical query DAG LQDAG  , due to the sharing of common subexpressions  , the mapping of parameters to the level of the query block that binds it cannot be fixed statically for each logical equivalence node. In each ordering we consider the first 5 blocks  , and for each block we calculate the maximum similarity to the 5 blocks on both the next and previous page. Plan operators that work in a set-oriented fashion e.g. To understand this property  , consider the paradigm used by previous skyline evaluation techniques  , such as Block Nested Loops 4 and Sort-First Skyline 9 . A cost-based optimizer can consider the various options available and decide on the overall best plan. This approach combines the benefits of both the top-down exhaustive approach and the bottom-up approach. In block B'Res  , a Sort operation is added to order the researchers according to their key number. A 6-axis force-torque sensor in the robot's hand identifies when the participant has grasped the block to begin the transfer phase of the handover. Our memory adjustment policy aims to improve overall system performance  , that is  , throughput and average response time  , but it also takes into account fairness considerations. The output of a single block FLWOR statement in XQuery can be ordered by either the binding/document order as specified in the FOR clauses or the value order as specified in the OR- DERBY clause. In order to avoid optimization of subexpressions for sort orders not of interest the bottom-up approach first optimizes the inner most query block producing a set of plans each corresponding to an interesting order. Inference of " bounded disorder " appears to be relevant when considering how order properties get propagated through block-nested-loop joins  , and could be exploited to reduce the cost of certain plan operators. The size of the shared pool  , which is used by Oracle to store session information such as sort areas and triggers  , was set to 20MB and the size of the log buffer to 4MB to minimise the influence of Oracle internals on the measurements. To the best of our knowledge  , the state-retention techniques and optimization of multi-branch  , multi-level correlated queries considering parameter sort orders have not been proposed or implemented earlier. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. To avoid simply learning the identity function  , we can require that the number of hidden nodes be less than the number of input nodes  , or we can use a special regularization term. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. The autoencoder was found to be computationally infeasible when applied to the described datasets and therefore its retrieval performance is not presented. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. Entropy is being popularly applied as a measurement in many fields of science including biology  , mechanics  , economics  , etc. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. In above  , K fuzzy evidence structures are used for illustration . Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. Shannon entropy. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Let Y denote posterior changed probabilities after certain information is known: Y = y1  , y2  , . In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Finally  , there might be months that are more olfactory pleasant than others. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Several well studied codes like the Huffman and Shannon- Fano codes achieve 1 + HD bits/tuple asymptotically  , using a dictionary that maps values in D to codewords. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Damljanovic et al. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. to the introduction of blank nodes. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries  , with all there syntactic variations  , were correctly fitted in NQS  , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. Question Answering over Linked Data QALD 8 evaluation campaigns aim at developing retrieval methods to answer sophisticated question-like queries. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. QALD-2 has the largest number of queries with no performance differences  , since both FSDM and SDM fail to find any relevant results for 28 out of 140 queries from this fairly difficult query set. In particular  , we will test how well our approach carries over to different types of domains. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. We answer this question quantitatively in Section 6. However  , the key issue is doing this efficiently for practical cases. This optimization is performed first by noticing that the exponential loss En+m writes: The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. The window provides us with a safety frame that guides the search in a promising direction. iv The large volume of ESI needed to be handled has also been known to lead to suboptimal performance with traditional IR solutions that may need to search hundreds or thousands of individual search indexes when performing an investigative search. 1 also indicate an exponential increase in the number of web services over the last three years. We tackle i using heuristic search -a well known technique for dealing with combinatorial search spaces. an exhaustive search is not practical for high number of input attributes. The search technique needs to be combined with an estimator that can quantify the predictive ability of a subset of attributes. As with any program synthesis technique which fundamentally involve search over exponential spaces  , the cost of our technique is also worst case exponential in the size of the DSL. In our experiment  , the search workload under the fixed workload scheme is set to be 2500 50 generations with 50 individuals in each generation  and is stipulated by workload function w = ϕ 2 in The time complexity may now become exponential with respect to ϕ as long as the workload function is an exponential function w.r.t ϕ. As in relational databases  , where the problem of large search space is mainly caused by join series  , in OODBMS the search space of a query is exponential according to the length of path expressions. The RAND-WALK agent impkments a completely randomized search strategy  , which has been shown to have a search complexity that is exponential in the number of state-action pairs in the system 2  , lo. With the exponential growth of information on the Web  , search engine has become an indispensable tool for Web users to seek their desired information. However  , it is never Copyright is held by the International World Wide Web Conference Committee IW3C2. However  , the problem of finding optimal plans remains a difficult one. For example  , our Mergesort branch policy still leaves an exponential search for worst-case executions. As we hypothesized  , the rate parameter of the exponential in Eq. A query task classification system was also employed  , based on 32 words indicative of home page search such as 'home' or 'homepage'. Watchpoint descriptions begin with a list of module names. These search based methods work only for low-dimensional systems because their time/space complexity is exponential in the dimension of the explored set. For a given sample data set  , the number of possible model structures which may fit the data is exponential in the number of variables ' . In our experience of applying Pex on real-world code bases  , we identify that Pex cannot explore the entire program due to exponential path-exploration space. Existing DSE tools alleviate path explosion using search strategies and heuristics that guide the search toward interesting paths while pruning the search space. We also embedded the collision detection method within a search routine to generate collision-free paths. Practically  , it is impossible to search all subgraphs that appear in the database. This reduces the computational complexity from 0  2 ~  to oN~ or from exponential computational time to polynomial computational time  121. Frequent closed itemsets search space is exponential to |I| i.e. To solve the problems optimally  , it requires an exponential search. Since the space is exponential in the number of attributes   , heuristic search techniques can be used. Zweig and Chang 43 found that the use of Model M exponential n-gram language model with personalization features improved the speech recognition performance on Bing voice search. The current Web is largely document-centric hypertext. Unlike the univariate approach  , the tuning of covariance matrix Q has an exponential search space  , since we need to simultaneously set all diagonal elements. 26 introduces a way to empirically search for an exponential model for the documents. the size of the search space increases in a strong exponential manner as the number of input attributes grows  141  , i.e. These conditions are easily checked  , but the exponential number of partitions m must be fairly large to allow decryption renders ex- haustive search impossible. In the worst case  , the search for all possible alliances in order to not miss any solution to the original problem reintroduces exponential complexity. The search of the ranking feature ft and its associated weight αt are carried out by directly minimizing the exponential loss  , En+m. When dealing with a human figure  , the notion of naturalness will come into consideration. Finding locally optimal solutions in this respect would be a logical approach and is the subject of current research. With about 32 degree of freedom DOfs to be determined for each frame  , there is the potential of exponential compl exity evaluating such a high dimensional search space. Theoretically  , the number of paths is exponential in the user-assigned search depth. Further advances in compositional techniques 26  , pruning redundant paths 7  , and heuristics search 9 ,40 are needed. Using an exponential distribution to accomplish a blending of time and language model Eq. From Table 1  , we can see that the search space for optimizing a path expression is exponential to the path length. The heuristic-search has the exponential computational complexity at the worst case. Because of the size of the graph  , this requires exponential time to solve using standard graph search techniques. However  , Grimson lo has shown that in the gencpal case  , where spurious m e a surements can arise  , the amount of search needed to find the hest interpretation is still exponential. A distributed e-library is perhaps best explained as a huge  , global database  , where search engines or directory services act as the indexes to information see  , Figure 11. To tame this exponential growth  , we use a beam search heuristic: in each iteration  , we save only the best β number of ungrounded rules and pass them to the next iteration. However  , for most practical problems  , solutions are easier to find and such search is not neces- sary. The organization of this paper is described as follows . Even though this bmte-force approach  , unlike the other work mentioned above  , guarantees optimality and completeness  , it k n o t practical for larger scale problems because of its computational complexity  , which is exponential in the number of moving droplets. As each evaluated state in the search requires execution of a collision detection method  , an efficient method will effectively reduce the magnitude of the base of the exponential relationship  , significantly improving the time performance of the search. This is especially important  , since the search space is exponential and the number of MDS patterns present in the data may also be very large. Due to its exponential complexity  , exhaustive search is only feasible for very simple queries and is implemented in few research DBMSs  , mainly for performance comparison purposes. Despite the exponential growth of Web content  , we believe the relevance of content returned by search engines will improve as query options will become more flexible. If the query optimizer can immediately find the profitable nary operators to apply on a number of collections  , the search space will be largely reduced since those collections linked by the nary operator can be considered as one single collection. An exhaustive search method that evaluates all the possible  i 0 values can require a total of r n combinations which is exponential with n and can require a large amount of calculation time. As the exponential growth of web pages and online documents continues  , there is an increasing need for retrieval systems that are capable of dealing with a large collection of documents and at the same time narrowing the scope of the search results not only relevant documents but also relevant passages or even direct answers. They adjust an exponential discount model to the expected quality of a search experience  , based on the session information. In modern query optimizer architectures FV94  , FG94  , different components are driven by different search strategies; thus  , it would be useful to have a special combination of strategies for optimizing path expressions . Early signs of such trends are visible with Google and Microsoft providing Twitter based search results for real-time events  , and exponential growth of tools like Yelp and Foursquare. The restricted search space has still an exponential size with respect to dimensionality  , which makes enumeration impossible for higher dimensionalities. In section 4 we show that for common scenarios there is significant benefit to nevertheless search for the best cost minimal reformulation. Unfortunately  , it is well known that the generation of the reachability tree takes exponential time for the general case. They use this model to generate a set of weights for terms from past queries  , terms from intermediate ranked lists and terms from clicked documents  , yielding an alternative representation of the last query in a session. If the moving direction keeps the same in the iterations  , the step increases faster than an exponential function and is given by iteration the search span at the moving direction  , a is the Fig. The approach to searching these huge spaces has been to apply heuristics to effectively reduce the extent of the space. Understandably  , model refinement implies exponential enhancement in the search space where the solution should be found. A simple chemical data set of 300 molecules can require many hours to mine when the user specifies a low support threshold. This occurs because a worst-case Mergesort execution must alternate between the two sides of a critical conditional  , but our generator can only capture that worst-case paths are always permitted to take either branch. This suggests that using the m most recent queries as the the search context for generating recommendations will likely introduce off-topic information  , causing recommendations that seem out of place. For taking the rank into consideration  , an exponential decay function with half-life α = 7 is proposed by Ziegler et al. Even then  , the exhaustive search is lirmted in the range and resolution of the weights considered  , and often has to be approximated by either gradient-descent or decomposmon techniques. The complexity of the planner is exponential on the number of joints  , and is of the order of Mn2nu   , where A4 is the discretization of the rectangular grid. A major challenge in substructure mining is that the search space is exponential with respect to the data set  , forcing runtimes to be quite long. To find out the best model structure from this huge space  , an efficient search strategy is highly demanded. Heuristic search aspires to solve this problem efficiently by utilizing background knowledge encoded in a heuristic function. After fitting a combination of exponential and Weibull models to their data  , they report that roughly 10% of inter-modification intervals are 10 days or less and roughly 72% are 100 days or less. To put this into perspective  , even for the simple snowflake example with 12 nodes  , the size of the lattice is 1024 and the size of the game tree is 1024 factorial the amount of time required to search the game tree  , an astronomically large number. In order to prevent this exponential increase of the planning time for queries with many patterns  , we use a greedy query optimizer when the number of patterns in the query is greater than a fixed number. Then the document scores and their new ranks are transformed using exponential function and logarithmic function respectively. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. In Section 5 we present a technique based on analyzing the properties of ideal queries  , and using those observations to prune the option search space. In this work  , we take advantage of the advancement in speech recognition  , to explore a high-quality transcribed query log  , but do not delve into speech recognition aspects. Specifically  , it was shown empirically that the score distributions on a per query basis may be fitted using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In order to avoid this situation  , most researchers 1623 focus on a special case where all images/frames contain exactly the same set of labeled objects. Along the line of similar studies  , the statistics suggest an exponential growth of pages on the WWW. In general  , in the worst case we would need to look at all possible subsets of triples an exponential search space even for the simplest queries. OPTIMIZED uses memoization to avoid this exponential explosion: it never expands a rule more than once per query. During the past decade colleges and universities have witnessed an exponential growth in digital information available for teaching and learning. The only approach that could be employed is systematic search  17 18  , which due to the worst case exponential cost is not guaranteed to terminate within reasonable time. We first show that the score distributions for a given query may be modeled using an exponential distribution for the set of non-relevant documents and a normal distribution for the set of relevant documents. In these conditions   , the interpretation tree approach seems impracticable except for very small maps. However  , the discretized equations of motion can be formulated in such way that most of the operations can be precomputed. With a case-base on the order of ten cases  , we were able to solve a set of ASG tasks which otherwise require exponential time because of the spatial properties involved. Figure 3shows the scalability of All-Significant-Pairs and LiveSet-Driven with respect to various gradient thresholds . This is a very important issue since if the rules were applied in an unordered and exhaustive manner there would be the problem of exponential explosion of the search space. By making objects a part of the domain model  , SPPL planner avoids unnecessary grounding and symmetries  , and the search space is reduced by an exponential factor as a result. The occurrence of sub-itemsets in the search space is a threat when answer completeness is required. sheet approach all require user examination to discard unintended mappings 8  with extra effort devoted to search for mappings not automatically generated missed mappings. Allowing disconnected sub-ensembles would imply an exponential search through all subsets of the total ensemble  , and distributing information between the members of these subsets would require significant multi-hop messaging. T Query arrival rate described by an exponential distribution with mean 1/λ  , T = λ. ts Seek plus latency access time  , ms/postings list  , ts = 4 throughout. To allow larger distances to increase backtracking capability and avoid the exponential explosion  , a maximum number of markings is allowed at each level. The second challenge is that the MDS's frequency threshold cannot be set as high as it is in frequent subsequence mining. The straightforward exhaustive search is apparently infeasible to this problem  , especially for highdimensional datasets. The perplexity of tweet d is given by the exponential of the log likelihood normalized by the number of words in a tweet. In contrast  , the proposed approach in this paper leverages the exponential character of the probabilistic quadtree to dramatically reduce the state space  , which also benefits the Fig. In this section  , we show how to normalize a tRDF database — later  , in Section 6  , we will show experimentally that normalization plays a big part in evaluating queries efficiently at the expense of a small increase in the storage space. Our analytical model has these features:  Pages have finite lifetime following an exponential distribution Section 5.1. If the size of d is p the number of alternatives then after n steps there are pn possible target configurations  , so the search space is exponential. Although abstract action models capture the world dynamics compactly  , using them for planning is challenging: the state space in relational domains is exponential in the number of objects  , the search space of action sequences is huge  , and reasoning about actions is aggravated by the their stochasticity. The key feature of the prophet graph  , is that we can use it to compute the solution to the query without having to refer to the original graph G. Though PRO-HEAPS still has exponential computational complexity in the worst case  , in practice it is able to execute queries in real time as shown in our Section 4. The ontology building experience in my Grid suggests the need of automated tools that support the ontology curator in his work  , especially now with the exponential increase of the number of bioinformatics services. Because NDCG focuses on ranking for top pairs  , it is extensively used to measure and compare the performances of rankers or search engines. Our approach differs in three ways: our method for finding the internal grasp force can be carried on efficiently during the computation of the robot dynamics 9; we use a penalty-based optimization rather than a potentially exponential search; and we deal directly with the frictional constraints  , which requires knowing or estimating only the coefficient of kinetic friction between the fin ers and the grasped object. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Here we use breadth-first search. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. and search the other subranges breadth-first. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. However  , best-first search also has some problems. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. Two cases have to be distinguished. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Therefore Lye have the following result. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. For each node visited do the following. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Stopping criterion. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. If all words in a title or subtitle are search keywords  , too many subject keywords will be generated. We have introduced a set of effective pruning properties and a breadth-first search strategy  , StatApriori  , which implements them. In the first iteration  , only the reported invocations are considered  , starting with the most suspicious one working down to the least. These strategies typically optimize properties such as " deeper paths " in depth-first search  , " less-traveled paths " 35  , " number of new instructions covered " in breadth-first search  , or " paths specified by the programmer " 39. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This Figure 4: Use of case inheritance search travels upwards in the hierarchy  , i.e. DFS may take very long to execute if it does not traverse the search space in the right direction. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. We perform the pose graph optimization first  , to make all poses metric consistent. It is in fact a similar hybrid reasoning engine which is a combination of forward reasoning breadth-first and backward reasoning depth-first search. During prediction  , we explore multiple paths  , depending on the prediction of the MetaLabeler  , using either depth-first or breadth-first search. A second dimension entails elaborating on line 3. Surprisingly  , they did not find any significant variation in the way users examine search results on large and small displays. Because the expansion is breadth first  , the optimal trajectory will he the first one encountered that meets the desired uncertainty. Since large main memory size is available in Gigabytes  , current MFI mining uses depth first search to improve performance to find long patterns. Although breadth-first search does not differentiate Web pages of different quality or different topics  , some researchers argued that breadth-first search also could be used to build domain-specific collections as long as only pages at most a fixed number of links away from the starting URLs or starting domains are collected e.g. This method assumes that pages near the starting URLs have a high chance of being relevant. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. They conducted two experiments to determine whether users engaged in a more exhaustive " breadth-first " search meaning that users will look over a number of the results before clicking any  , or a " depth-first " search. For instance  , SAGE 28  uses a generational-search strategy in combination with simple heuristics  , such as flip count limits and constraint subsumption. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search  , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Which branching points are flipped next depends on the chosen search strategy  , such as depth-first search DFS or breadth-first search BFS. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. That is  , starting from the root pages of the selected sites we followed links in a breadth-first search  , up to 3 ,000 pages per site. After both connections are made  , we find a path in the roadmap between the two connection points using breadth-first search. In this case  , only one DFA in conjunction with a standard breadth first search is used to grow a single frontier of entities. We will denote this approximate Katz measure as aKatz throughout the rest of the paper. Any objects that are reached during the traversal are considered live and added to the tempLive set. To propagate the constraints on join variable bindings Property 2  , we walk over this tree from root to the leaves and backwards in breadth-first-search manner. This module contains multiple threads that work in parallel to download Web documents in a breadth-first search order. We observed that the similarity scores for the neighbours often is either very close to one  , or slightly above zero. The corresponding histogram is shown in Fig. By following the path with the minimum cost  , the robot is guided to the nearest accessible unknown region. See Figure 11for an example plan. Since the MFI cardinality is not too large MafiaPP has almost the time as Mafia for high supports. When determining the cases allowed for a given frame  , a breadth-first search of the case frame hierarchy collects the relevant cases. The backward search can be illustrated in Figure 4by traversing the graphs in reverse in a breadth-first manner. This " 3 ,000 page window " was decided for practical reasons. The crawl was breadth-first and stopped after one million html pages had been fetched. The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Our solution combines a data structure based on a partial lattice  , and memoization of intermediate solutions. The number of traversals is bounded by the total number of elements in the model and view at hand. We used JPF's breadth-first search strategy  , as done for all systematic techniques in 28. Recall that we must regenerate the paths between adjacent roadmap nodes since they are not stored with the roadmap. This task is efficiently performed by an optimized implementation of the Breadth-first search BFS strategy through MapReduce 3. At running time we use the index to retrieve the paths whose sink node matches a keyword. An estimate of L was formed by averaging the paths in breadth first search trees over approximately 60 ,000 root nodes. This allowed us to perform bidirectional breadth first search to answer the connectivity question. Even this crawl was very time consuming  , especially when the crawler came across highly linked pages with thousands of in-and out-links e.g. Link types extracted include straight HREF constructs  , area and image maps  , and Javascript constants. Each term is mapped to a synset in WordNet and a breadth-first search along WordNet relations identifies related synsets. Sensorless plans  , which must bring all possible initial orientations to the same goal orientation  , are generated using breadth-first search in the space of representative actions. We determine these paths by breadth-first search throughG. Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . The breadth-first or level-wise search strategy used in MaxMiner is ideal for times better than Mafia. RBFS using h 0 = 0 behaves similarly to the breadth-first search. Then  , starting from this seed set  , we use the following five strategies to select five different account sets with the same selection size of k from the dataset 5 : random search RAND  , breath-first search BFS  , depthfirst search DFS  , random combination of breadth-first and depth-first search RBDFS 6   , and CIA. The existing thread has the additional topic node 413 which is about compression of inverted index for fast information retrieval. Each operation produces a temporary result which must be materialized and consumed by the next operation. bring the two parts to distinguishable states. The crawl started from the Open Directory's 10 homepage and proceeded in a breadth-first manner. Each of these subsets is identified using a breadth first search technique. We choose the appropriate face vector field and cell vector field for the two cases as described in Section IV. The trajectory design problem is solved by performing a pyramid  , breadth-first search. The search then proceeds in a breadth-first fashion with a crawling that is not limited to URL domain or file size. An efficient implementation can use a data structure like the tree shown in Figure 1to store the counters  Apriori does a breadth first search and determines the support of an itemset by explicit subset tests on the transactions . JPF is built around first  , breadth-first as well as heuristic search strategies to guide the model checker's search in cases where the stateexplosion problem is too severe 18. Therefore  , to perform concolic testing we need to bound the number of iterations of testme if we perform depth-first search of the execution paths  , or we need to perform breadth-first search. In both studies  , users were significantly more likely to engage in the depthfirst strategy  , clicking on a promising link before continuing to view other abstracts within the results set. Thus pipelined and setoriented strategies have similar complexity on a DBGraph. On the other hand  , the depth-first search methods e.g. The search is guaranteed to halt since there are a finite number of equivalence classes and our search does not consider sequences with cycles. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . Clearly  , best-first search has advantages over breadth-first search because it " probes " only in directions where relevant pages locate and avoids visiting irrelevant pages. The number of possible choices of values of c and s that concolic testing would consider in each iteration is 17. Abstractly we view a program as a guarded-transition systems and analyze transition sequences. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Let's consider how the FI-combine see Figure 2 routine works  , where the frequency of an extension is tested. For each top ranked search result  , they performed a limited breadth first search and found that searching to a distance of 4 resulted in the best performance. For example  , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20 ,952 bytes of core. As indicated above  , there are basically two ways in which the search tree can be traversed We can use either a breadth first search and explicit subset tests Apriori or a depth first search and intersections of transaction lists Eclat. The MSN Search crawler discovers new pages using a roughly breadth-first exploration policy  , and uses various importance estimates to schedule recrawling of already-discovered pages. Therefore   , pages crawled using such a policy may not follow a uniform random distribution; the MSN Search crawler is biased towards well-connected  , important  , and " high-quality " pages. The second tool  , Meta Spider  , has similar functionalities as the CI Spider  , but instead of performing breadth-first search on a particular website  , connects to different search engines on the Internet and integrates the results. We make use of relations such as synonym  , hypernym  , hyponym  , holonym and meronym and restrict the search depth to a maximum of two relations. Our results explain their finding by showing that relevant documents are found within a distance of 5 or are as likely to be found as non-relevant documents. In this graph  , subsequent actions are connected  , and TransferReceive / TransferSend actions are additionally connected to each other's subsequent actions. Through several recent independent evaluations 17  , 6  , it is now well accepted that a prefix tree-based data set representation typically outperforms both the horizontal and the vertical data set representations for support counting. The existing methods essentially differ in the data structures used to " index " the database to facilitate fast enumeration. During this search  , we check that the newly introduced transfer does not induce a cycle of robots waiting for each other by performing breadth first search on the graph formed by the robot's plans. A node in the tree contains the set of orientations consistent with the push-align operations along the path to the node. The documents retrieved by the web browsers of focused crawlers are validated before they are stored in a repository or database. The experiments described in this paper demonstrate that a crawler that downloads pages in breadth-first search order discovers the highest quality pages during the early stages of the crawl. For example  , the Internet Archive crawler described in 3  does not perform a breadthfirst search of the entire web; instead  , it picks 64 hosts at a time and crawls these hosts in parallel. If a winning path exists  , then the path represents the search schedule for the two pursuers. To guide the search  , we work backward from a unique final orientation toward a range of orientations of size 27r  , which corresponds to the full range of uncertainty in initial part orientation. Links are explored from the starting page in breadth-first search using order of discovery for links at the same depth. The breadth-first search implies that density-connections with the minimum number of objects requiring the minimum number of region queries are detected first. The preponderance of diagonal path lines is due to the search being 8-connected  , and being breadth-first. The search can be performed in a breadth-first or depth-first manner  , starting with more general shorter sequences and extending them towards more specific longer ones. All experiments in this section use the breadth-first search strategy. Text is provided for convenience. We note that for every fixed query a node assignment requiring no calls to updateP ath always exists: simply label the nodes in order discovered by running breadth-first search from s. However  , there is no universally optimal assignment — different queries yield different optimum assignments. Focused crawling  , on the other hand  , attempts to order the URLs that have been discovered to do a " best first " crawl  , rather than the search engine's " breadth-first " crawl. " Generalised search engines that seek to cover as much proportion of the web as possible usually implement a breadth-first BRFS or depth-first A. Rauber et al. MaxMiner also first uses dynamic reordering which reorder the tail items in the increasing order of their supports. The itemset search space traversal strategy that is used is depth-first 18  , breadth-first 2  , or based on the pattern-growth methodology 22. After the push function is used to partition the space of push directions into equivalence classes  , we perform a breadth-first search of push combinations to find a fence design. l A split situation is in general the more expensive case because theparts of the cluster to be split actually have to be discovered. For each public user  , we first counted the number of protected mutual neighbours as well as the ratio of protected to all mutual neighbours. The arrangement enumeration tree is created as described above  , using the set of operands defined in Section 2 and it is traversed using either breadth-first or depth-first search. The effect of search pruning at all Rtree levels is that  , starting from the top level  , the two nodes  , one from each R-tree  , are only traversed for join computation if the MBRs of their parent nodes overlap . However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. Instead  , we can set parameters which we term the window's breadth and depth  , named analogously to breadth-first and depth-first search  , which control the number of toponyms in the window and the number of interpretations examined for each toponym in the window  , respectively. Otherwise  , the planner identifies the set of " boundary conditions " for the search  , namely:  The search for a sequence of regrasp operations proceeds by forward chaining from the set of initial gpg triples performing an evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible gpg triples. Beam-search is a form of breadth-first search  , bounded both in width W and depth D. We use parameters D = 4 to find descriptions involving at most 4 conjunctions  , and W = 10 to use only the best 10 hypotheses for refinement in the next level. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. In this graph  , vetexes and edges represent nodes and links respectively. A recent study of Twitter as a whole  , gathered by breadth-first search  , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 13. In this implementation the transitive closure of the digraph G T is based on a breadth first search through G T . The sequence of retrieved documents displayed to the user is ordered by the number of edges from the entry point document. However  , after a large number of Web pages are fetched  , breadth-first search starts to lose its focus and introduces a lot of noise into the final collection. Instead of traversing the BVTT as a strictly depthfirst or breadth-first search JC98  , we use a priority queue to schedule which of the pending tests to perform next. Since the planner performs breadth-first search in the space of representative actions  , the planner is complete if the computed action ranges are accurate. The initial collection was created for day 1 using a Breadth-First crawl that retrieved MAX IN INDEX = 100  , 000 pages from the Web starting from the bookmark URLs. Using a 4000-node subgraph summarized in Table 3  , we generated 1633185 candidate edges. In order to sample the distribution of distances between nodes  , breadth first search trees were formed from a fraction of the nodes. When the FM is traversed using the breadth-first search BFS  , the edges in the FPN are generated according to relations between features in the FM and the weights on edges are computed  Lines 4∼5. After the completion of breadth first search  , there are no unknown nodes and each node has a location area. In many cases  , simple crawlers follow a breadth-first search strategy  , starting from the root of a website homepage and traversing all URLs in the order in which they were found. shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. The CWB computes the similarity-degrees of the title and/or subtitles through a breadth-first search because the title and subtitles are within a nested structure. As the crawl progresses  , the quality of the downloaded pages deteriorates. So  , instead of trying to find the optimal allocation we do the allocation by using the heuristic of traversing the tree in a breadth first-BF search order: l We have shown that finding an overall optimal allocation scheme for our cuboid tree is NP-hard DANR96 . Once it has been established that a high level path exists  , the lower level trajectory planning problem for each equivalence region node is to determine the trajectory which the cone must follow to reorient the part. Path planning for individual modules uses a breadth-first search starting at the end of the tail. A candidate path is located when an entity from the forward frontier matches an entity from the reverse frontier. This enables to compute the representation of all concepts such that any pair of concepts sharing a common ancestor in the concept hierarchy will share a common prefix in their representation corresponding to this common ancestor. Once a goal state is reached we have a sequence of desired relative push angles which we know will uniquely reorient a part regardless of its initial orientation because that initial orientation must be in the range of The goal of the breadth first search then is to arrive at a current state p   , such that lpgl = 27r. We use the push function to find equivalence classes of actions-action ranges with the same effect. Our approtach to solve the regrasp problem is as follows: We generate and evaluate possible grasp classes of an object and its stable placements on a table; the regrasping problem is then solved by an evaluated breadth-first search in a space where we represent all compatible sequences of regrasp operations. This procedure is then applied to all URLs extracted from newly downloaded pages. We assume that a breadth-first search is performed over these top ranked invocations. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time  , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Recently  , Microsoft Academic Search released their paper URLs and by crawling the first 7.58 million  , we have collected 2.2 million documents 4 . A lattice is defined over generated word sets for formulae  , and a breadth-first search starting from the query formula set is used to find similar formulae. That is  , for each node a set of SPARQL query patterns is generated following the rules depicted in Table 3w.r.t. The next step is to choose a set of cuboids that can be computed concurrently within the memory constraints . Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. We assign priority to the pending BVTT visits according to the distance: the closest pending BV pair is given a higher priority and visited next. The search is breadth-first and proceeds by popping a node from the head of OPEN list and generating the set of child nodes for the constituent states steps 1-4. Search engines conduct breadth first scans of the site  , generating many requests in short duration. An estimate of the total number of edges by the present authors suggests there are around 7 billion edges in the present social graph. For each instance of the iterator created for a path pattern  , two DFAs are constructed. These pages contain 17 ,672 ,011 ,890 hyperlinks after eliminating duplicate hyperlinks embedded in the same web page  , which refer to a total of 2 ,897 ,671 ,002 URLs. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. A combination of these operators induces a breadth-first search traversal of the DBGraph. Specifically   , we collected the previous Amazon reviews of each reviewer in the root dataset and the Amazon product pages those reviews were associated with. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The sensor-based planner performs breadth-first AND/OR search to generate sensor-based orienting plans for parts with shape uncertainty. The sensorless planner uses breadth-first search to find sensorless orienting plans. MaxMiner 3 uses a breadth-first search and performs look-ahead pruning which prunes a whole tree if the head and tail together is frequent. A simple breadth-first search is quite effective in discovering the topic evolution graphs for a seed topic Figure 4and Figure 5a. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic  , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. We construct a work list starting at persist.root so we can perform a breadth-first search of the object graph. At every jvar-node  , we take intersection of bindings generated by its adjacent tp-nodes and after the intersection  , drop the triples from tp-node Bit- Mats as a result of the dropped bindings. They found that crawling in a breadth-first search order tends to discover high-quality pages early on in the crawl  , which was applied when the authors downloaded the experimental data set. OVERLAP does the allocation using a heuristic of traversing the search tree in a breadth-first order  , giving priority to cuboids with smaller partition sizes  , and cuboids with longer attribute lists. Additional documents are then retrieved by following the edges from the starting point in the order of a breadth first search. If the action ranges are overly conservative  , the planner may not find a solution even when one exists. Our web graph is based on a web crawl that was conducted in a breadth-first-search fashion  , and successfully retrieved 463 ,685 ,607 HTML pages. To detect deadlocks or paths to be folded we scan graph C with the BFS Breadth-First-Search algo­ rithm. Unlike the simple crawlers behind most general search engines which collect any reachable Web pages in breadth-first order  , focused crawlers try to " predict " whether or not a target URL is pointing to a relevant and high-quality Web page before actually fetching the page. In addition  , focused crawlers visit URLs in an optimal order such that URLs pointing to relevant and high-quality Web pages are visited first  , and URLs that point to low-quality or irrelevant pages are never visited. Since the position bias can be easily incorporated into click models with the depth-first assumption  , most existing click models 4  , 11  , 13 follow this assumption and assume that the user examines search results in a top-to-bottom fashion. The subgraph returned by BFS usually contains less vertices in the target community than the subgraph of the same size obtained by random walk technique. If the similarity-degree of a title and/or subtitles is higher than the threshold ­  , the title and/or subtitles are regarded a similar title and/or similar subtitles  , and the contents of the title and subtitles are considered similar contents. The use of the succ-tup and succ-val* primitives defines a traversal of the DBGraph following a breadth-first search EFS strategy Sedg84  , as follows : The transitive closure operation is performed by simply traversing links  , Furthermore testing the termination condition is greatly simplified by marking. One possible source of this difference is that the crawling policies that gave rise to each data set were very different; the DS2 crawl considered page quality as an important factor in which pages to select; the DS1 crawl was a simpler breadth-first-search crawl with politeness. It is worthwhile noting that other expansion methods such as breadth-first-search BFS would entirely ignore the bottleneck defining the community and rapidly mix with the entire graph before a significant fraction of vertices in the community have been reached. Before searching for a regrasp sequence  , the regrasp planner checks if the pick-and-place operation can be achieved within a single grasp. The division of the planning into ofRine and online computation with as much a priori knowledge as possible used for the offline computation turns out to be an efficient and powerful concept  , operating online in connection with the evaluated breadth-first search in the space of compatible regrasp operations. The unions D:=DuAD and AD':=AD'usucc~val*v'  , R.1 can be efficiently implemented by a concatenation since marking the tuples avoid duplicate generation. This breadth-first search visits each node and generates several possible triple patterns based on the number of annotations and the POS-tag itself. Starting from this seed set  , we performed a breadth-first crawl traversing friendship links aiming to discover the largest connected component of the social graph. This figure suggests that breadth-first search crawling is fairly immune to the type of self-endorsement described above: although the size of the graph induced by the full crawl is about 60% larger than the graph induced by the 28 day crawl  , the longer crawl replaced only about 25% of the " hot " pages discovered during the first 28 days  , irrespective of the size of the " hot " set. the node that has the shortest average path to all the other nodes in Λ pred and to perform a breadth-first-search from this node in G pred subgraph of G containing only the nodes in Λ pred and their interconnects to create a tree of information spread and to use the leaves of that tree as the newly activated nodes. Some connectivity-based metrics  , such as Kleinberg's al- gorithm 8  , consider only remote links  , that is  , links between pages on different hosts. In addition to the standard language features of Java  , JPF uses a special class Verify that allows users to annotate their programs so as to 1 express non-deterministic choice with methods Verify.randomn and Verify.randomBool  , 2 truncate the search of the state-space with method Verify.ignoreIfcondition when the condition becomes true  , and 3 indicate the start and end of a block of code that the model checker should treat as one atomic statement and not interleave its execution with any other threads with methods Verify.beginAtomic and Verify.endAtomic. Our experiments revealed that the influentials identified using this method have poor performance which led us to identify the next method of prediction. If the edges of a lockdown graph are weighted by the number of images constituting the part of the segment between the two lockdown points or more appropriately  , the sub-nodes on which the two lockdown points lie  , choosing the smallest-sized cycle basis will reduce computational cost in computing HHT to a small extent. Figure 6shows the simulated evolution of four different mutation rates. Because our strategy only relies on the outgoing call relationship  , it is sensitive to the stability of callers throughout the framework's evolution. The main strategy underlying SemDiff relies on a number of hypotheses we made on framework evolution. However  , it takes long time to recognize landmark. It unambiguously defines the way in which a change will be resolved  , i.e. Instead of applying evolution as a solution finder the traditional approach  , here  , the robot control system is able to face an open-ended evolution in a mutable environment  , since the robots are constantly being modified by evolution to cope with these variations. Therefore  , the reactive evolution strategy is better for rapid responses to emerging features and reducing the risk of misestimating the evolution trends. The Ager interacts with one or more evolution controllers to obtain information about relevant evolution-indicating events. Trust-Serv is complimentary to this work  , as it adds support for dynamic policy evolution.  Define within the functional specification determined areas for change and evolution  , and agree with marketing and sales. Our code generation strategy limits the number of code changes required when the architecture description changes. Solving these technical challenges and finding a unified and automated way to discover the individual evolution graphs is left for future work. We apply evolution strategy ES19' to VTM to improve the precision of landmark recognition. An resolution strategy is the policy for evolution with respect to the his/her requirements. To automatically determine the appropriate strategy for each negotiation  , we use meta-policies. We start by determining a temporal weighting function for a collection according to its characteristics. The evolution strategy has been shown to be globally convergent given unbounded running time 4. Link type specific evolution dependency  , as it is discussed in section 3.4  , is captured by link type specific strategies. We designed a study to assess the validity of these hypotheses and to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. the strategy management a tool has been implemented in Java which enables the definition of new aging strategies e.g. The strategy part of each rule contains one of the evolution strategies presented above. It also contains a reference to the policy to which the instance is migrated if the condition evaluates to true. The real execution time of the conversion functions depends on the implementation strategy chosen as it will be described in Figure 1: Schema evolution until time t4. We used a modified version of the evolution strategy to learn manipulation primitives. Only a mutation is used as the genetic operation. In evoultionary strategy ES  , state vector 2 was composed of n-dimensional real-valued vector and mutation step size 0. Moreover  , we adopt the Action Watch Dog and the Switching the Evaluation Function method. This gives the system the ability to handle failures or unexpected events that occur during the execution proces. Our strategy is based on the evolution of the term-class relationship over time  , captured by a metric of dominance. In the following chapters we will introduce various evolution strategies to maintain the structural  , logical and user-defined consistency of an ontology. Since existing Web mirroring tools  , like " rsync " 1  , usually mirror a site according to its Web site directory tree  , we study the evolutionary characteristics of Web site directory structure. Moreover  , even if a solution is found to avoid infinite loops  , a strategy has to be used which treats the situation of what we called critical cycles in Section 4.3. For this reason  , the detection of these variations is key to design an effective job categorization strategy that reflects the underlying data more closely. This simulated evolution took much of the complexity of the system away and provided important insights on the specification of the predation strategy to be used with the real robots. It can be seen in Figure 5that this strategy improves the system performance if compared to the evolution of a population that did not suffer predation. Our system does not rely on simulation or modeling ; instead  , all the experimentation is performed by the physical robot. 2 Furthermore  , the first 7 cases of maintained constraints A underline the need to also propose the delete strategy #S2 whenever a constraint is impacted  , and not always try to maintain the constraint. Only these two changes are propagated to ICO. Figure 2ashows the evolution of the trajectory in the x   , y  , and z directions   , respectively  , and Figure 2bshows the negative of ei for the collision avoidance subtask. Various related work follow the strategy of using a modeldriven approach to support architectural conformance. Also in terms of the evolution facet  , a service design needs to be evaluated at a more specific level. Based on a formalization of the model  , we have presented policy evolution primitives  , negotiation instance migration strategies  , and a strategy selection policy language that allow running negotiations to be efficiently migrated to a new policy. Since the advertiser's strategy is semi-myopic  , at any time step  , the bid should fetch him a non-negative expected profit for the rest of the phase. However  , both authors share a sense of responsibility for what they have helped create  , and as such they see it as their task to find an alternative strategy that provides adequate guarantees regarding the successful maintenance of the OAI-PMH and its evolution. The evolution strategy is widely studied today in robotics current situation  , and is not based on expected sib w&nxs. However  , in certain cases  , these changes may need to review the rules affecting other features  , but the divide-and-conquer strategy used for the design phase  , makes this task easier. As described previously  , elementary changes may cause new changes to be introduced by the evolution strategy in order to keep the ontology consistent – such dependencies may be represented using the CAUSECHANGE property . Finally  , we have shown how this framework implements service containers to enable scalable deployment. the steps in the explore phase and the randomly chosen agents  , let DT be the times that i receives the item under strategy S during the exploit phase before time liT   , i.e. The optimization method we use is a modification of the well-known evolution strategy 15  , 161  , augmented with an extrapolation operation in addition to the standard mutation operator. In this experiment  , the robots were evolved in the same environment presented in FigureThis experiment uses a very simple fitness fimction in order to prevent biasing evolution towards a preconceived solution. Quasistatic simulation results are illustrated by employing a three-fingered hand manipulating a sphere to verify the validity of the proposed low-level planning strategy. The evolution of a &-graph to a deadlocked graph is closely monitored  , as it evolves as the simulation progresses. As a consequence  , there exists an n-m-dimensional holonomic constraint on generalized coordinates and the joint evolution is restricted to an m-dimensional manifold M . Groups of changes of one request are maintained in a linked list using the HAS PREVIOUSCHANGE property. In this paper  , we propose a site-level mirror maintenance strategy based on the historical evolution of the original Web site. Although gathered at an early stage in the evolution of aspect-oriented programming  , these empirical results can help evolve the approach in several ways. More specifically  , RALEX implements a discriminative rank mass distribution characterised by a dynamic link following strategy that is sensitive to both topical relevance and information freshness a measure we devised based on age and topical longevity of papers. The schema designer can override the default database transformations by explicitly associating user-defined conversion functions to the class just after its change in the schema. In addition to inspections  , which are a valuable verification strategy also for Web applications  , static analyzers can be employed to scan the HTML pages in a Web site and detect possible faults and anomalies. A dextrous manipulator is a robotic system composed of two or more cooperating serial manipulators. If it has the leading position in the target market  , the organization usually takes the initiative in SPL evolution and prefers a proactive strategy. On the contrary  , if it is in the expanding stage struggling to earn a place in the market  , the team often passively absorbs emerging ideas from competitors and customers. American Financial Systems AFS developed their strategy by pursuing the following two goals: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the flail citation on the first page. For a planar biped  , the proposed control strategy consists in the tracking of a reference path instead of a reference motion for the joints and for the position of the CoP. Although we could envision the architectural evolution that would cleanly support such personalized ads  , it was too late in the season to re-architect the entire site  , so we settled for a rather clumsy temporary fur. The simulator works by artificially generating all possible sensorial input that a robot can face in its working season and the response of each evolving controller is tested for all these situations and fitness is increased each time the response is correct. To account for these situations  , we must slightly modify the strategy defined above to detect whether a method is part of a change chain. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. If the model fitting has increased significantly  , then the predictor is kept. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. As our model fitting procedure is greedy  , it can get trapped into local maxima. Model fitting. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . Table lsummerizes the results. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. Using deviance measures  , e.g. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . The mixed-effects model in Eq. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. In order to realize the personal fitting functions  , a surface model is adopted. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Within the model selection  , each operation of reduction of topic terms results in a different model. Rather than over fitting to the limited number of examples  , users might be fitting a more general but less accurate model. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. p~ ~  ,. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. The next section will discuss the classification method. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. Dudek and Zhang 3 used a vision system to model the environment and extract positioning information. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. One study built on the Wing-Kristofferson model to propose various model-fitting techniques for synchronization cases 16. The αinvesting rule can guarantee no model over-fitting and thus the accuracy of the final fitted model. In this section we study the recommendation performance of ExpoMF by fitting the model to several datasets. We provide further insights into ExpoMF's performance by exploring the resulting model fits. This stage aims to estimate the position of a model in the image plane  , calculating the distance between the image centre and the model position. Other work found that abrupt tempo changes and gradual tempo changes seem to engage different methods of phase correction 17. the likelihood ratio or χ 2 measure  , as a measure of the goodness-offit for a model  , the best-fitting  , parsimonious least number of dependencies model for the table is determined. However  , we found that the 4-parameter gravity model: By fitting the model to observed flows  , we might mask the very signal we hope to uncover  , that is  , the error. Using a curve fitting technique  , the impedance model was established in such a way that the model can simulate the expert behavior. In order to perform localization  , a model is constructed of how sensory data varies as a function of the robots position . Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Model fitting on AE features was performed using WEKA 3.7 30  , and the response model was calculated in MATLAB. A data structure for organizing model features has been set up to facilitate model-based tracking. For a particular scene vertex the fitting test would then be triggered a number of times equal to the number of model LFSs  , in the worst case. From the results  , it is evident that interactive fitting was far superior to manual fitting in task time and slightly better in accuracy. The purpose is to support the tasks of monitoring  , control  , prognostics  , preventive maintenance  , diagnostics  , corrective maintenance  , and enhancement or engineering improvements. Note the should be set to a number no smaller than in order to have enough fitting models for the model generation in a higher level. In particular  , if there are many non-informative attributes or if complex models are used  , the problem of over-fitting will be alleviated by reducing dimensions. Although our plane fitting test is fast  , the time overhead that such an approach would introduce made us avoid its usage in such cases. We first fit the general model by fitting it to the general distribution of the minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The goodness of fit test of the model was not significant p=0.64 meaning that predicted and observed data matrixes did resemble each other. Statistical model selection tries to find the right balance between the complexity of a model corresponding to the number of parameters  , and the fitness of the data to the selected model  , which corresponds to the likelihood of the data being generated by the given model. Model fitting information was significant p=0.000 indicating that the final model predicts significantly better the odds of interest levels compared to the model with only the intercept. Since the LV model cannot capture seasonal patterns  , it was strongly affected by multiple spikes and failed to capture co-evolving dynamics. Fitting the Rated Clicks Model to predict click probabilities on the original lower results yields similar results. σ is used for penalizing large parameter values. It is clear that this particular view selection may not be optimal . The tyre-dependent parameters were experimentally adjusted fitting the measured responses of the army vehicle off-road tyre 13. He used residual functions for fitting projected model and features in the image. There are something good and something bad. Hence  , by leveraging the objective function  , we can address the sparsity problem of check-in data  , without directly fitting zero check-ins. This requires segmenting the data into groups and selecting the model most appropriate for each group. An alternative to template based matching is fitting of a motion model to a gradient field the motion field. As will be shown  , this results in a simple highly generalisable model fitting the majority of the data. Figure 2gives an example of the summary hierarchy. 2In the real-time walk of a legged robot  , a ground model should first be established during the previous gait period. The uneven surface of the vermiculite does not lend itself to primitive fitting without a severe reduction in surface location accuracy. The success with which web pages attract in-links from others in a given period becomes an indicator of the page authority in the future. Addi-tionally  , we use a regularization parameter κ set to 0.01; this step has been found to provide better model fitting and faster convergence. One of our contributions is that we propose to use hierarchical regularization to avoid overfiting. The SRS was placed in hallways within the model. Image curves are represented by invariant shape descriptors  , which allow direct indexing into a model library. Figure 6 : One wave length error detection using the reflection model. To fit a tag ti's language model we analyze the set of tweets containing ti  , fitting a multinomial over the vocabulary words  , with probability vector Θi. In our experiments we randomly split the movies into a training set and a test set. Finally  , we obtained the following model for λ: We started with all possibly relevant variables: After fitting to the data we found that the number of children had little influence. Log-likelihood LL is widely used to measure model fitness . A hierarchical structure to the data alone does not completely motivate hierarchical modeling. The funding model to support this evolution  , however  , is not yet established. adjusting for more usage characteristics resulted in less accurate predictions  , discussed further in Section 8. Given their small size  , we were forced to use a relatively simple model with a small number of features to avoid over-fitting. In principle  , the optimal K should provide the best trade-off between fitting bias and model complexity. We also consider its stochastic counterpart SGBDT  , by fitting trees considering a random subset of training data thus reducing the variance of the final model. It should be noted that a steady-state friction model can also be obtained using any other curve fitting technique such as those using polynomial models. This difference allows us to avoid the complexities of rigid motion manipulations while we are fitting the image. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Because the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with K  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. All estimates are made using 500 bootstrap samples on the human rated data. To avoid over-fitting  , we constrain the gis by imposing an L2 penalty term. Λ is the vector of model parameters  , the second term is the regularization term to avoid over fitting  , which imposes a zero prior on all the parameter values. In this paper  , the primary purpose of fitting a model is not prediction  , but to provide a quantitative means to identify sub-populations. The reward is a repository that offers the powerful extensibility of COMZActiveX  , without requiring many new extensibility features of its own. These landmarks are found for both the reference map and the current map. The surface geometry of a patch is determined by fitting the data points in the patch to a quadric surface and solving an eigensystem. Hence the cross-axis effect of y-acceleration on the x-axis may be modeled by the least-squares fitting of a secondarder polynomial to the data  , The result of this model is shown in Fig. 3 3 is the planestress model with these parameters  , not an arbitrary best fitting curve. This set contains all consistent values of the model parameters  , so it is a quantitative description of the fitting error. Although there are many formats  , which describe surface models  , in this paper Object file of Wavefront's Advanced Visualizer is adopted. Traditionally  , motion fields have been very noise sensitive as minimization over small regions results in noisy estimates. 1  , I measured the between-within variance for the 10 blogs in the dataset on estimated values for the trust  , liking  , involvement and benevolence latent variables. the current model—support incompatibility and non-convexity— and developed new models that address them. The regularizer with coefficient λ > 0 is used to prevent model over-fitting. By varying the value of T we can control the trade-off between data likelihood and over-fitting. For each target graph  , we apply the fitting mechanism described in Section 4 to compute the best parameters for each model. The most common approach is directly fitting Ut to the actual query execution time of the ranking model 7. It provides additional flexibility in fitting either of these models to the realities of retrieval. The LossRole is played by a loss function that defines the penalty of miss-prediction  , e.g. Another possible direction for this work is fitting the features onto a global object model. The model also includes computation of the aligning torque M z on each steered wheel. Our approach is attractive for the marketing field  , because the unobserved baseline sales  , marketing promotion effects and other specific effects are estimated by simultaneously. Our proposal for step 6 is inspired on the PAC 10 method to evaluate learning performance. We have tested the effectiveness of the proposed model using real data. In other words  , the learning trajectories significantly differ among the three initial conditions  , thus supporting Hypothesis 5. The Adjusted-R 2 measure denotes the percentage of variance explained by the model and  , for both collections  , the obtained model explains 99% of such variance. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. For all the projects there is a significant difference between the simpler model in Equation 4 and the model in Equation 3  , showing that fitting curves separately for different initial conditions significantly improves the model fit. The results could he dismissed as merely another example of over-fitting  , except that the type of over-fitting is highly specific  , and occurs due to confounding controllable mechanisms with the uncontrollable environment. We conclude with literature review in Section 8 and discussion. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. This type of approach includes techniques such as least squares fitting 19 and Iterative Closest Point ICP 1 allowing the determination of the six degree of freedom transformation between the observed points and the model. Next we model the O2 concentration signal based on all inputs  , but WIA2 fuel mass and SIC2 feeding screw rpm measurements were replaced by the estimated mass flow signal see Fig. Finally  , our model can be used to provide a measure of the triadic closure strength differentially between graph collections  , investigating the difference in opt for the subgraph frequencies of different graph collections. Second  , single-point estimates do not help inference of model parameters  , and may in fact hurt if the ensuing model-fitting stage uses them as its input. Note that the plane fitting test could be as well used as a verification method in the event that no compatible scene vertices were detected. It is desirable to use the simplest friction model in order to avoid computational complexity. As might have been predicted by the fitting results in Section 3.1  , it was found that use of a Hertz contact model to predict subsurface strains resulted in a biased estimate of the indenter radius. The method of estimating the lots delively cycle time can help fab managers for more precisely lots management and AMHS control. The good fitting between the experimental results and the model indicates that the model is quite accurate  , and may allow to make extrapolations to predict the actuator performance when it is scaled down to the target size for the arthroscope. For simplicity  , we consider only the angular constraints imposed by the model on the local optima; only the orientations of the local fits are affected. The data that was used in the experimental results can be obtained at https: //sourceforge.net/p/jhu-axxb/ In the AX = XB case  , for each point  , we found its closest point on the model and computed the sum squared difference between them. The maps were used to determine robot pose by fitting new sensor data to the model.  Curvature: In log-log space our data is curved as indicated by the fact that the best fitting distribution  , Zipf-Mandelbrot  , by theory has a curved form in loglog space. By fitting the output of our proposed model to the real bid change logs obtained from commercial search engines   , we will be able to learn these parameters  , and then use the learned model to predict the bid behavior change in the future. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. We generate 20 randomly seeded synthetic graphs from each model for each target graph  , and measure the differences between them using several popular graph metrics. Fitting an OODB or repository into an existing object model is a delicate activity  , which we explain in detail. By fitting two of the constants in the impact model which consist of various mass and geometric terms  , we obtained a usable model of impact which predicted average initial translation velocities to within 5 to 15 percent  , initial rotational velocities to within 30 percent. We quantify the reconstruction by fitting the model to the new computed point set and finding a normalized metric. If we assume a too complex model  , where each data point essentially has to be considered on its own  , we run the risk of over fitting the model so that all variables always look highly correlated. Furthermore  , we evaluate the reliability of our models  , since AUC can be too optimistic if the model is overfit to the dataset. Commonly made assumptions  , though reasonable in the context of workflow mining  , do clearly not hold for a dependency model of a distributed system  , nor do they seem fitting for a single user session. For this reason   , the model LFSs are placed in the LFS list of the model database in descending order of the area of the surface to which they correspond. The technique works by augmenting the existing observational data with unobserved  , latent variables that can be used to incrementally improve the model estimate. Thus we propose to solve this problem by an iterative method  , conceptually similar to the one described by Besl 5  , which combines data classification and model fitting. Thus it cannot be said that this model would work for any soft tissue  , but rather  , soft tissues that exhibit similar characteristics to agar gel. Hence non-uniform weights could easily incur over-fitting  , and relying on a particular model should be avoided. Using the model  , we can then translate that probability into a statistically founded threshold of clicks and remove all " users " that exceed that threshold. This result indicates that most queries are noisy and strongly influenced by external events that tend to interfere with model fitting. Overall  , the models were trained with a combination of different parameter settings: 1 ,5  , 0 ,10 ,100 ,1000  , and with and without the indicator attributes. The robot control system has been synthesized in order to realize the identified expert impedance and to replicate the expert behavior. Note that our model is different from the copying models introduced by Simon 17  in that the choice of items in our model is determined by a combination of frequency and recency. The reason for fitting the less restrictive " sliding-window " model is to test whether the " full " model captures the full extent of temporal change in weights. Despite its complexity  , the LuGre dynamic friction model has been chosen in this activity to further improve the fitting between simulation and experimental results. As the number of ratings given by most users is relatively small compared with the total number of items in a typical system  , data sparsity usually decreases prediction accuracy and may even lead to over-fitting problems. Outlier removal using distributional methods proceeds by fitting a model to the observed distribution and then selecting a tail probability say 0.1% to use as a definition of an outlier. One might speculate whether embedding the IDEAL model in a less fitting strategy would have lead to the same positive results. The derivation is done by fitting 20 evenly spaced points  , each point being the number of total words versus the number of unique words seen in a collection. Given a topic relevance score  , for each query  , the score of each retrieved document in the baseline is given by the above exponential function f rank with the parameter values obtained in the fitting procedure. Regularization via ℓ 2 norm  , on the other hand  , uses the sum of squares of parameters and thus can make a smooth regularization and effectively deal with over-fitting. To further analyze the effect of covariates  , we compare the perplexity of all models in the repurchase data and the new purchase data in Table 2. related covariates in addition to fitting parameters of a conditional opportunity model for each category m. It shows the importance of considering covariates when modeling the purchase time of a follow-up purchase. If the general shape of the object is fit to some simple surface  , it should be possible to add the details of fine surface features using a simple data structure. We thus segment the color image with different resolutions see Section IV-A. As an example of what not to do  , we could take our relevant-document distribution to be a uniform distribution on the set of labeled relevant documents. The equation of each 3D line is computed by fitting a vertical line to the selected model points. To fit the three-way DEDICOM model  , one must solve the following minimization problem With a unique solution  , given appropriate data and adequately distinct factors the best fitting axis orientation is somewhat more likely to have explanatory meaning than one determined by  , e.g. It may be possible that one or more chunks in that window have been outdated  , resulting in a less accurate classification model. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. For the Dynamic class  , temporal models that only take into account the trend or learn to decay historical data correctly perform the best. However  , a slight drop of performance can be observed for high θ values  , because it produces a large number of pattern clusters i.e. Model Parameters.  Extensive experiments on real-world datasets convincingly demonstrate the accuracy of our models. Based on the rationale of curve-fitting models  , various alternatives to the DPM approach have been proposed and investigated 14  , 15  , 181  , but so far no superior model was reported. We thus avoid training and testing on the same dataset. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. Words best fitting this cumulative model of user interest are used as links in documents selected by the user. From this we can also expect that the image feature extraction error is within the range 5 to 15 pixels. A reconstructed 3D model of the object is computed by fitting superquadrics to the data which provides us with the underlying shape and pose. We obtain results comparable to the state of the art and do so in significantly less time. Using the MATLAB profiler 5000 executions  , 1ms clock precision  , 2 GHz clock speed on standard Windows 7 OS without any code optimization  , our classifier executes in 1ms per AE hit on average. This fitting method makes the edge of the model more smooth and more approximate to that of the part than the zero-order-hold  , and makes using thicker material possible. The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. A model fitting the re-centered data then shows the effect of the varying IV on the DV with respect to the different levels of the re-centered IVs. However  , since this increases the dimensionality of the feature space—which makes it sparser—it also makes the classification problem harder and increases the risk of over-fitting the data. In such a scenario  , it is not sufficient to have either one single model or several completely independent models for each placing setting that tend to suffer from over-fitting. In this context  , we have modeled skills by adopting an explicitly different model fitting strategy that is based on the entropies obtained from multiple demonstrations. Because it is easier to express the metric error for the branch fitting than for the sub-branch finding  , 30 trials were first run on simulated branches with no sub-branches. This first segmentation may contain some errors  , e.g. Since we are dealing with sparse depth data  , it is further desirable to have as large segments as possible -otherwise model fitting becomes impracticable due to lack of data inside segments. To find the total fit error over all segments for a collection of arbitrary planes  , we add a Lagrange term constraining the angles between pairs of fitting planes to equal the angles between corresponding planes in the model. Solving the problem requires using knowledge about the system  , which enable one to handle the factors being omitted under conventional formal procedures. A modified scale space approach  , based on a line model mask with weights calculated from the line fitting mors  , is presented. Indeed  , the computational strategy adopted consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labeling possibilities. One typical tree model has 10 layers and 16 terminal nodes. The main reason for this is that the number of model parameters to be learned grows in accordance with the increase of dimensionality; thus  , the acquired functions might not perform well when sorting unseen objects due to over-fitting. Table 2shows the results of fitting the Rated Clicks Model using human rated Fair Pairs data. Netflix Ratings: Within the Netflix dataset  , the results were not nearly as simple. In this sense  , the general reliability serves as a prior to reduce the over-fitting risk of estimating object-specific reliability in the MSS model. In this way  , the procedure is in fact fitting the 'mean curve' of the model distribution to the empirical subgraph frequencies. On the other hand  , we are a priori not interested in an entire flow of execution and such tricky issues as mutual exclusion or repetition. The resulting transliteration model is used subsequently for that specific language pair. The more general the model  , the more effort it will expend on fitting to specific features of the training documents that will generalize to the full relevant population. Specifically  , given a user's query  , SSL sends the query to the centralized sample database and retrieves the sample ranked list with relevance score of each document. Therefore  , we propose to use a shared sparsity structure in our learning. This shows that the image-based techniques are more flexible to data fitting and local inaccuracies of the model than the geometric-based approaches  , which impose a rigid transformation . Adding more constraints to the system reduces the size of this set and permits more precise or detailed knowledge about the world. The system was developed using the Silicon Graphics software package called " Open Inventor "   , which provides high level C++ class libraries to create  , display  , and manipulate 3-D models. Table 3gives the mean estimate of r   , over 40 degrees for 9 different indenters. In the following a general expression will be given  , and then will be described how to specialize it for the two cases. Quantitative results in terms of segment magnification obtained in the second view  , fitting errors  , and surfaces types are summarized in Table I. In addition to high accuracy and robustness  , the classifier demonstrates the potential for realtime implementation with offline model parameter fitting. We use information entropy as the uncertainty measurement of the B-spline model. It should be obvious  , without going through a complex matching procedure  , that the points on the adjacent flat sueaces cannot belong to the model  , which is curved at all points. Once we have mined all frequent itemsets or  , e.g. A mathematical model was established and validated both deductively based on its geometric structure and inductively through empirical findings. As evident in Figure 5a  , the residual plot based on the confidential data reveals an obvious fanshaped pattern  , reflecting non-constant variance. It is fascinating that the typical ρ i for the individuals of seven of our eight datasets is approximately 1  , the same slope generated by the SFP model. To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. There is large variability in the bids as well as in the potential for profit in the different auctions. This explains why our model has such an improved predictive probability than BPMF as shown above and demonstrates the importance of fitting the variance as well as the mean. The play is divided into acts in such a way that each act has a fixed set of actors participating objects fitting conveniently on the scene scenario diagram. To help mitigate the danger of over-fitting i.e. The proportion of positive examples in the annotation hierarchy subtask was low  , and for that subtask we experimented with upweighting positive training examples relative to negative ones. Second  , it is reasonable to assume that the error in each variable is independent of the error in other variables. Many robotic manipulation tasks  , including grasping   , packing  , and part fitting require geometric information on objects. -Any geometric model representation should be capable of generating the error vectors required. We have simulated the same VSA-II model under exactly the same design and operative conditions: encoder quantization  , white noise on motor torques  , torque input profiles  , polynomials used for the fitting  , etc. We speed up model fitting by considering only actors billed in the top ten and eliminating any actors who appear in only one movie. This section describes the implementation of the model fitting system and informal evaluations performed with volunteer operators. We would also have to consider 6DOF poses  , complicating the approach considerably. One of the crucial problems is where to find the initial estimates seeds in an image since their selection has a major effect on the success or failure of the overall procedure. There is a certain advantage to the use of such an entropy-based skill learning method. Taking advantage of the theorem of separated axis lo  , real-time accurate and fast collision detection among moving geometrical models can be achieved. This empirical model has been derived by fitting trends to experimental data conducted in agar gel as a tissue phantom. To overcome this shortcoming  , we propose to use a multi-stage model. Formally this corresponds to minimizing the error when each tuple is modeled by the best itemset model from the solution set. Nonetheless  , the accuracy remains stable for a wide range of k 1 values  , indicating the insensitivity of the model with respect to the choice of k 1 values. Based on the intuitions above  , we propose to do one-way ANOVA sequentially on each feature and obtain the p-value pk for F k based on the fixed e↵ect model: More importantly  , for achieving interpretability and reducing the risks of over-fitting  , we also hope that output worker subgroups are not too many. In particular  , in Figure 7awe see that for MG-LRM  , the peak appears at a higher number of iterations than the other models.  We describe a fast method for fitting the parameters of these models  , and prescriptions for picking the right model given the dataset size and runtime execution constraints. They are ultimately interested in learning the parameters controlling the model  , as well as the uncertainty associated with an incomplete raw dataset. " In other cases  , the LIWC categories were different enough from the dataset that model chose not to use topics with ill-fitting priors  , e.g. In fact  , although using small batch sizes allows the online models to update more frequently to respond to the fast-changing pattern of the fraudulent sellers   , large batch sizes often provide better model fitting than small batch sizes in online learning. Ribeiro also outlines a framework for fitting these parameters given a window of time series activity levels  , and then uses them to extrapolate and make a long term prediction of future activity levels. We also tried several other  , more complex models  , without achieving significantly better model fitting. Once one moves to the campaign level the number of terms starts to be large enough to support model fitting. Moreover  , spline and polynomial curve fitting or energy minimization techniques such as active contours and snake 4 fail to give precise baselines and there is always an inclination towards descenders in the above methods. Rank-GeoFM/G denotes our model without considering the geographical influence. An important characteristic of query logs is that the long tail does not match well the power law model  , because the tail is much longer than the one that corresponds to the power law fitting the head distribution. Our selected procedure to predict future retweet activity is summarized in resolution Δ pred   , we proceed as follows: First  , we identify the infectious rate of a tweet pt by fitting the proposed oscillatory model. The adjusted R-square  , on the other hand  , penalises R-square for the addition of regressors  , which do not contribute to the explanatory power of the model. For our sequence of models  , the cross-validated correlation and overall correlation are about the same  , giving us some assurance that the models are not over-fitting. In contrast   , we have specified in advance a single hypothesis h *   , i.e. We then fit model and frame nuisance parameters and found convergence over a wide range of initial values to B = 3.98  , nuisance angle = 36.93    , and nuisance distance = 1.11 mm. The constants σ i of the final model are intended to be universal constants that should be applicable to a wider range of parameters not explicitly tested in our experiment. A classification technique is said to suffer from overjitting when it improves performance over the training documents but reduces performance when applied to new documents  , when compared to another method. The values of this section give the ratio of the standard error of each system/topic group to the standard error of the first system/topic group. Corner landmarks in the map are found with a least-squares model fitting approach that fits corner models to the edge data in the map. This is in contrast to the more widely adopted fitting approach of ordinary least squares where only one variable in the model is assumed to contain error. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Hence  , the quasi-steady model we compare with only contains the translational term. All of these computations are subject t o error. In the context of variable selection  , this implies that we may line up the variables in a sequence and include them into the model in a streamwise manner without over-fitting. It is important to note  , however  , that residuals only can reveal problematic models; a random pattern only indicates lack of evidence the model is mis-specified  , not proof that it is correctly specified. We start by fitting the OLS model of income on main effects only for each variable  , using indicator variable coding for the categorical variables. In Figures 9-a and 9-b we compare  , respectively  , the histogram and the OR of the inter-event times generated by the SFP model  , all values rounded up  , with the inter-event times of the individual of Figure 1. In opposition to traditional methods aiming at fitting and sometimes forcing the content of the resources into a prefabricated model  , grounded theory aims at having the underlying model emerge " naturally " from the systematic collection  , rephrasing  , reorganisation and interpretations of the actual sentences and terms of the resources . There is considerable variation within each run -the standard deviation is as much as 15 percent in initial rotational velocity and 5 percent in initial translational velocity. While there are quasi-steady models based on 2D inviscid flow that address added mass and rotational circulation effects  , they usually involve extra fitting parameters and are not robust for large operating range. This distribution seem to follow a powerlaw distribution as we see in Figure 4and when we fit our general Figure 4: General Model: y-axis is the ratio of retweets  , and the x-axis is the number of minutes between a retweet and the original tweet. The constants K i in 6–9 were fitting parameters for the specific nondimensional data sets; they are implied functions of the dimensionless groups  , and would be different for other combinations of values. Notice that our fit is even visually very good  , and it detects seasonalities and up-or down-trends: For example   , our model fitted the success of " Wii " which launched in 2006 and apparently drew attention from the competing " Xbox " . The model used to compose a project from software changes is introduced in Section 4; Section 5 describes the result of fitting such models to actual projects; Section 6 considers ways to validate these empirical results  , and Section 7 outlines steps needed to model other software projects. The model without training is accurate for sufficiently large values of T   , but it cannot be applied for short observations because the quality of parameter fitting deteriorates  , as we showed in Sec. We now discuss how to address two practical challenges in employing our model as a prediction tool. The striking agreement between the fit model and the mean of each collection is achieved at the corresponding edge density by fitting only . Previous work 20  , 57 showed that the use of different measures can impact both the fitting and the predictive performance of the models built by GA: relative measures e.g. At close distances less than 10 cm  , the sonar sensors cannot be used for range measurement however  , with model fitting  , IR can provide precise distances  , enabling the robot to follow the wall and not having t o rely on error-prone dead-reckoning  11. While the empirical data can be readily fitted to many known parsimonious models such as power laws  , log-normal  , or exponential  , there is no guarantee that the fitted model can be used to predict the tail of the distribution or how the distribution changes with the observation window . This type of model is not new in the literature 41  , 10  but they have not been extensively studied   , perhaps due to the lack of empirical data fitting the implied distribution. We were successful in selecting similar developers: the ratio between the largest and smallest developer coefficients was 2.2  , which would mean that the least efficient developer would require 120% additional effort to make a change compared to the most efficient developer  , but Table 2: Results from model fitting. Comparing this with the errors in Table 1  , we see that in the best case this limit is nearly achieved while on average the error is twice the noise level indicating that model error does exist and it is on the same order of magnitude as the noise. In addition to the exploitation of the entire eigensystem of the segment fits and the expression of the model in a view-invariant form  , there are several other differences between our approach and that of Bolle and Cooper.2 We use general quadrics instead of restricting the form of the fitting functions to cylinders and spheres. Their additional restriction gives tighter fits to segments that are of fixed " optimal " size. We therefore evaluate the temporal correlation and the two derivative models by comparing 1 the quality of the summaries generated from these models and 2 their utility towards finding additional tweets from the tweet sample that are related to the event and yet do not contain the keywords from the original queries. Importantly  , the evidence does show that document encoders are evaluating the advantages of the XML standard e.g. The Bernoulli parameter pr ,u in our model  , however  , is specific to a rank r and a user u  , thus leaving more flexibility for setting different hypothesized values for simulation or fitting empirical parameters from log data. To be able to rank a document we needed to specify both the relevant and irrelevant probability distributions for a term  , so we need priors for both. Third  , using the position and orientation of the best leaf candidate  , the robot moves the camera system closer to it to obtain a more detailed view  , which is used to obtain a better model and eventually separate different leaves. Using the above mapping  , the remaining parameter of the amplifier model eq 4a  , internal resistance  , was determined by fitting estimated terminal voltage during an experiment to actual  , using the MATLAB" To calculate the estimated motor current  , the output of eq 3 was fit to the real motor current using actual terminal voltage. Then  , the actual existence of the contour feature is verified by determining disparity between F  , and the content of CW. That is  , we assume individuals have attrition rates that are randomly drawn from this estimated population distribution  , and define the probability of observing a completed chain ω of length Lω to be To address this possibility of over-fitting  , we consider a second heterogeneous attrition model  , in which attrition probabilities Ri are randomly generated from the distribution of estimated attrition rates shown in Figure 1. the jackknife standard errors indicated that a difference of this size was not large enough to be distinguishable from random fluctuations i.e. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification  , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Specifically   , even after being learned on a wealth of training data for a user  , the system could suffer from over-fitting and " cold-start " problem for new visitors the Web site. In our case  , we use global topics and background topics to factor out common words. ECOWEB discovered the following important patterns:  Long-term fitting: Figure 1a shows the original volume of the four activities/keywords as circles  , and our fitted model as solid lines. Two questions must be answered to use this approach: i what family of distributions is used a modeling question  , and ii which distribution to choose from the family given the data a model-fitting question. For a given contour feature F and a circular window image CW  , the following method is used to determine whether C W contains an instance of F: First  , a parameter fitting technique based on moments is applied to determine the most accurate model contour F. of F type hypothetically existing in CW. The steps consist of 1 express the change in the metric in terms of a function of the means and variance of a probability density function over the metric 2 mapping the estimates from the click-based model to judgments for the metric by fitting a distribution to data in the intersection 3 computing estimates for the remaining missing values using query and position based smoothing. Theoretical calculation shows that by reducing the diameter of the disks to 4 mm and adopting the same 150 pm SMA wires  , the bending angle is still in the range f 90 " and the maximum force exertable remains substantially unchanged About 1 N vs. the 4 N generated by the multi-wire configuration proposed by Grant and Hayward ~ 5 1  . They considered that there were other ways of representing the same texts using different markup languages and that limitations in the Consortium's view needed to be evaluated: Fit for purpose as it emerges here is not about fitting a model or matching a markup language to the requirements of specific projects  , it is a general quality of fitness to the strategic objectives for documentation over time. The intersection is the portion of the query-URL pairs that we have both editorial judgments and the user browsing model estimates . One explanation for these features not helping in our experiments may have been due to over-fitting the model on the relatively small data set. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Random Forest is the classifier used. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. We next present our random forest model. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Figure 1reports these scores. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest.  Incorporating both context i.e. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. None of the classical methods perform as well. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. Initialization. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. Joint Objective. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. The real problem lies in defining similarity. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. by similarity to a single selected document. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Using such data presentation i.e. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 .  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. query-term overlap and search result similarity. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. Bing search engine. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. their cosine similarity is almost zero. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 .  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. In here  , we further developed and used a fully probabilistic retrieval model. Furthermore. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. This model shows that documents should be ranked according to the score These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . A notable feature of the Fuhr model is the integration of indexing and retrieval models. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. An effective thesaurus-based technique must deal with the problem of word polysemy or ambiguity  , which is particularly serious for Arabic retrieval. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. In this work  , we show that the database centric probabilistic retrieval model has various interesting properties for both automatic image annotation and semantic retrieval. The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Many models for ranking functions have been proposed previously  , including vector space model 43   , probabilistic model 41 and language model 35 . In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. 10 uses a 2-Poisson model for including term frequency-based probabilities in the probabilistic retrieval model. The novelty of our work lies in a probabilistic generation model for opinion retrieval  , which is general in motivation and flexible in practice. navigation-aided retrieval constitutes a strict generalization of the conventional probabilistic IR model. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. In the next section  , we describe related work on collection selection and merging of ranked results. 6 identify and classify temporal information needs based on the relevant document timestamp distribution to improve retrieval. This paper looks at the three grand probabilistic retrieval models: binary independent retrieval BIR  , Poisson model PM  , and language modelling LM. Query likelihood retrieval model 1  , which assumes that a document generates a query  , has been shown to work well for ad-hoc information retrieval. The model supports probabilistic indexing 9  , however we implement a simplified version in which only estimates of O or 1 are used for the probability that a document has a feature. Eri can be determined by a point estimate from the specific text retrieval model that has been applied. The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 11  scores documents by combining field-level querylikelihood scores similarly to other field-based retrieval mod- els 13. This shows that both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the language modeling approach to retrieval are special cases of the risk minimization framework. Results include  , for example  , the formalisation of event spaces. Performance on the official TREC-8 ad hoc task using our probabilistic retrieval model is shown in Figure 7. Similar probabilistic model is also proposed in 24  , but this model focuses in parsing noun phrases thus not generally applicable to web queries. Although PRMS was originally proposed for XML retrieval  , it was later applied to ERWD 2. The first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage in the document is relevant. We start with a probabilistic retrieval model: we use probabilistic indexing weights  , the document score is the probability that the document implies the query  , and we estimate the probability that the document is relevant to a user. In the following  , we investigate three different  , theoretically motivated methods for predicting retrieval quality i.e. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. One of the main reasons why the probabilistic model bas not been widely accepted is; pemaps  , due to its computational complexity. The term-precision model differs from the previous two weighting systems in that document relevance is taken into account. The thesaurus is incorporated within classical information retrieval models  , such as vector space model and probabilistic model 13. The score function of the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution can be derived from taking the log-odds ratio of two multinomial distributions. In this paper we introduce a probabilistic information retrieval model. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 19   , many new or complementary alternatives have been proposed  , such as the Probabilistic Model 16. the binary independent retrieval BIR model 15 and some state-of-the-art language models proposed for IR in the literature. Recently  , the PRF principle has also been implemented within the language modeling framework. Overall  , the PLM is shown to be able to achieve " soft " passage retrieval and capture proximity heuristic effectively in a unified probabilistic framework. We further incorporate the probabilistic query segmentation into a unified language model for information retrieval. We proposed a formal probabilistic model of Cross-Language Information Retrieval. In this paper  , we present a Cross Term Retrieval model  , denoted as CRTER  , to model the associations among query terms in probabilistic retrieval models. The retrieval model we use to rank video shots is a generative model inspired by the language modelling approach to information retrieval 2  , 1  and a similar probabilistic approach to image re- trieval 5. We start by formulating the integrated language model with query segmentation based on the probabilistic ranking prin- ciple 15. Given a text query  , retrieval can be done with these probabilistic annotations in a language model based approach using query-likelihood ranking. Classifiers were trained according to the probabilistic model described by Lewis 14  , which was derived from a retrieval model proposed by Fuhr 9. We explain the PRM-S model in the following section. To our knowledge  , no one has yet tried to incorporate such a thesaurus within the language modeling framework. The model is significantly different from other recently proposed models in that it does not attempt to translate either the query or the documents. Both of these models estimate the probability of relevance of each document to the query. We start by developing a formal probabilistic model for the utilization of key concepts for information retrieval. Probabilistic models have been successfully applied in document ranking  , such as the traditional probabilistic model 23  , 13  , 24 and stochastic language model 21  , 15  , 29 etc. The main contribution of our work is a formal probabilistic approach to estimating a relevance model with no training data. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. Importantly  , our navigation-aided retrieval model strictly generalizes the conventional probabilistic information retrieval model  , which implicitly assumes no propensity to navigate formal details are provided in Section 3. In the second model  , which we call the " Direct Retrieval " model  , we take each text query and compute the probability of generating a member of the feature vocabulary. The main techniques used in our runs include medical concept detection  , a vectorspace retrieval model  , a probabilistic retrieval model  , a supervised preference ranking model  , unsupervised dimensionality reduction  , and query expansion. The details of these techniques are given in the next section. 39 This last model appears to be computationally difficult  , but further progress may be anticipated in the design and use of probabilistic retrieval models. The main difference between the TPI model and the RPI model is that the RPI model is suited to different probabilistic indexing models  , whereas the TPI model is an ex~ension of the two-poisson model for multi-term queries. The contribution that each of the top ranked documents makes to this model is directly related to their retrieval score for the initial query. In this section  , we apply the six constraints defined in the previous section to three specific retrieval formulas  , which respectively represent the vector space model  , the classical probabilistic retrieval model  , and the language modeling approach. Most of the existing retrieval models assume a " bag-of-words " representation of both documents and queries. We have presented a new dependence language modeling approach to information retrieval. Coming back to Figure 1  , notice that certain hyperlinks are highlighted i.e. In this paper we present a novel probabilistic information retrieval model and demonstrate its capability to achieve state-of-the-art performance on large standardized text collections. The retrieval model integrates term translation probabilities with corpus statistics of query terms and statistics of term occurrences in a document to produce a probability of relevance for the document to the query. We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval  , and the emerging language modeling approaches. For relevant task  , a multi-field relevance ranking based on probabilistic retrieval model has been used. 2 integrate temporal expressions in documents into a time-aware probabilistic retrieval model. We then proceed to detail the supervised machine learning technique used for key concept identification and weighting. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. 3.2.1 Unigram language models: In the language modelling framework  , document ranking is primarily based on the following two steps. Canfora and Cerulo 2 searched for source files through change request descriptions in open source code projects. In this paper the different disambiguation strategies of the Twenty-One system will be evaluated. However  , it is worth mentioning that the proposed method is generally applicable to any probabilistic retrieval model. In blog seed retrieval tasks  , we are interested in finding blogs with relevant and recurring interests for given topics . Traditional IR probabilistic models  , such as the binary independence retrieval model 11  , 122 focus on relevance to queries. For example  , the useful inverse document frequency  idf term weighting system. Results from our integrated approach outperformed baseline results and exceeded the top results reported at the TREC forum  , demonstrating the efficacy of our approach. However   , the utilization of relevant information was one of the most important component in Probabilistic retrieval model. In the probabilistic retrieval model used in this work  , we interpret the weight of a query term to be the frequency of the term being generated in query generation. Review and Specifications Generation model ReviewSpecGen considers both query-relevance and centrality  , so we use it as another baseline method. Thk paper describes how these issues can be addressed in a retrieval system based on the inference net  , a probabilistic model of information retrieval. A new probabilistic generative model is proposed for the generation of document content as well as the associated social annotations. Furthermore  , our empirical work suggests that in the case of unambiguous queries for which conventional IR techniques are sufficient  , NAR reduces to standard IR automatically. They use both a probabilistic information retrieval model and vector space models. This is the second year that the IR groups of Tsinghua University participated in TREC Blog Track. In our model  , both single terms and compound dependencies are mathematically modeled as projectors in a vector space  , i.e. We further leverage answers to a question to bridge the vocabulary gap between a review and a question. The robustness of the approach is also studied empirically in this paper. The basic idea is that there is uncertainty in the prediction of the ranking lists of images based on current visual distances of retrieved images to the query image. For example   , probabilistic models are a common type of model used for IR. Conclusions and the contributions of this work are summarized in Section 6. This paper defines a linguistically motivated model of full text information retrieval. Other QBSD audition systems 19  , 20  have been developed for annotation and retrieval of sound effects. The top ranked m collections are chosen for retrieval . In this paper  , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. Current experiments deal with the following topics: probabilistic retrieval binary independent model  , automatic weighting  , morphological segmentation  , efficiency of thesaurus organization  , association measures reconsidered. For example  , paper D  , " A proximity probabilistic model for information retrieval " mentions both A and B. In our hypothetical example  , A has only a handful of citation contexts which we would like to expand to better describe paper A. Figure 4shows the interpolated precision scores obtained with the probabilistic annotation and direct retrieval model. In this paper  , we propose a probabilistic entity retrieval model that can capture indirect relationships between nodes in the RDF graph. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution computed over its contents. In the following  , the probabilistic model for distributed IR is experimentally evaluated with respect to the retrieval effectiveness . RSJ relevance weighting of query terms was proposed in 1976 5 as an alternative term weighting of 2 when relevant information is available. Evaluation is a difficult problem since queries and relevance judgements are not available for this task. These two probabilistic models for the document retrieval problem grow out of two different ways of interpreting probability of relevance. Intermediate results imply that accepted hypotheses have to be revised. The comparison of our approach to both the probabilistic retrieval models and the previous language models will show that our model achieves substantial and significant improvements. The probabilistic retrieval model also relies on an adjustment for document length 3. To perform information retrieval  , a label is also associated with each term in the query. These dependencies are used in a retrieval strategy based on the probabilistic model described in CROF86a. The experiments show that with our estimate of the relevance model  , classical probabilistic models of retrieval outperform state-of-the-art heuristic and language modeling approaches. As boolean retrieval is in widespread use in practice  , there are attempts to find a combination with probabilistic ranking procedures. In classical probabilistic IR models  , such as the binary independence retrieval BIR model 18  , both queries and documents are represented as a set of terms that are assumed to be statistically independent. Our first probabilistic model captures the retrieval criterion that a document is relevant if any passage of the document is relevant and models individual passages independently. Our experiments on six standard TREC collections indicate the effectiveness of our dependence model: It outperforms substantially over both the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the state-of-the-art unigram and bigram language models. This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . These models were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. It is more flexible then the BU model  , because it works with two concepts: 'correctneu' aa a basis of the underlying indexing model  , and 'relevance' for ·the retrieval parameters. Since the first model estimates the probability of relevance for each passage independently  , the model is called the independent passage model. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semistructured Data PRMS 14  is a unigram bag-ofwords model for ad-hoc structured document retrieval that learns a simple statistical relationship between the intended mapping of terms in free-text queries and their frequency in different document fields. Unlike some traditional phrase discovery methods  , the TNG model provides a systematic way to model topical phrases and can be seamlessly integrated with many probabilistic frameworks for various tasks such as phrase discovery   , ad-hoc retrieval  , machine translation  , speech recognition and statistical parsing. We proposed several methods to solve this problem  , including summarization-based methods such as MEAD and MEAD-SIM and probabilistic retrieval methods such as Specifications Generation model  , Review and Specifications Generation model  , and Translation model. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. In a very recent work 4  , the author proposed a topic dependent method for sentiment retrieval  , which assumed that a sentence was generated from a probabilistic model consisting of both a topic language model and a sentiment language model. An important advantage of introducing a language model for each position is that it can allow us to model the " best-matching position " in a document with probabilistic models  , thus supporting " soft " passage retrieval naturally. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . A second sense of the word 'model' is the probabilistic sense where it refers to an explanatory model of the data. The TPI model makes more use of the specific assumption of the indexing model  , 80 that for any other indexing model a new retrieval model would have to be developed. But in order to consider the special nature of annotations for retrieval  , we proposed POLAR Probabilistic Object-oriented Logics for Annotation-based Retrieval as a framework for annotation-based document retrieval and discussion search 8 . A model of randomness is derived by a suitable interpretation of the probabilistic urn models of Types I and II 4 i n to the context of Information Retrieval. 10 on desktop search  , which includes document query-likelihood DLM  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S and the interpolation of DLM and PRM-S PRM-D. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. for the distribution of visual features given the semantic class.  published search reports can be used to learn to rank and provide significant retrieval improvements ? In information retrieval there are three basic models which are respectively formulated with the Boolean  , vector  , and probabilistic concepts. Two retrieval runs were submitted: one consisting of the title and description sections only T+D and the other consisting of all three title  , description  , and narrative sections T+D+N. We show examples of extracted phrases and more interpretable topics on the NIPS data  , and in a text mining application  , we present better information retrieval performance on an ad-hoc retrieval task over a TREC collection. The 2006 legal track provides an uniform simulation of legal text requests in real litigation  , which allows IR researchers to evaluate their retrieval systems in the legal domain. In some cases  , our structured queries even attain a better retrieval performance than the title queries on the same topic. As described in Section 3  , the frequency is used as an exponent in the retrieval function. Among many variants of language models proposed  , the most popular and fundamental one is the query-generation language model 21  , 13  , which leads to the query-likelihood scoring method for ranking documents. One of the important properties of the database centric probabilistic retrieval formulation is that  , due to the simplicity of the retrieval model  , it enables the implementation of sophisticated parameter optimization procedures. One major goal of us is to evaluate the effect of a probabilistic retrieval model on the legal domain. The vector space model as well as probabilistic information retrieval PIR models 4  , 28  , 29 and statistical language models 14 are very successful in practice. In the probabilistic retrieval model 2  , for instance  , it is assumed that indexing is not perfect in the sense that there exists relevant and nonrelevant documents with the same description. Blog post opinion retrieval is the problem of finding blog posts that express opinion about a given query topic. Results show that in most test sets  , LDM outperforms significantly the state-of-the-art LM approaches and the classical probabilistic retrieval model. Our approach provides a conceptually simple but explanatory model of re- trieval. Thus  , our method demonstrates an interesting meld of discriminative and generative models for IR. This system is based on a supervised multi-class labeling SML probabilistic model 1  , which has shown good performance on the task of image retrieval. The dependencies derived automatically from Boolean queries show only a small improvement in retrieval effectiveness. Traditional probabilistic relevance frameworks for informational retrieval 30  refrain from taking positional information into account  , both because of the hurdles of developing a sound model while avoiding an explosion in the number of parameters and because positional information has been shown somehow surprisingly to have little effect on aver- age 34 . For example  , given the fundamentally different from these efforts is the importance given to word distributions: while the previous approaches aim to create joint models for words and visual features some even aim to provide a translation between the two modalities 7  , database centric probabilistic retrieval aims for the much simpler goal of estimating the visual feature distributions associated with each word. The model assumes that the relevance relationship between a document and a user's query cannot be determined with certainty. For many of the past TREC experiments  , our system has been demonstrated to provide superior effectiveness  , and last year it was observed that PIRCS is one of few automatic systems that provides many unique relevant documents in the judgment pool VoHa98. We design the model based on the assumption that the descriptions of an entity exist at any literal node that can be reached from the resource entity node by following the paths in the graph. Two well known probabilistic approaches to retrieval are the Robertson and Sparck Jones model 14 and the Croft and Harper model 3 . It has been observed that in general the classical probabilistic retrieval model and the unigram language model approach perform very similarly if both have been fine-tuned. The retrieval model scores documents based on the relative change in the document likelihoods   , expressed as the ratio of the conditional probability of the document given the query and the prior probability of the document before the query is specified. Cooper's paper on modeling assumptions for the classical probabilistic retrieval model 2. For page retrieval  , these annotation probability distributions are averaged over all images that occur in a page  , thus creating a language model of the page. Language modeling approaches apply query expansion to incorporate information from Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. While tbe power of this model yields strong retrieval effectiveness  , the structured queries supported by the model present a challenge when considering optimization techniques. Antoniol  , Canfora  , Casazza  , DeLucia  , and Merlo 3 used the vector space model and a probabilistic model to recover traceability from source code modules to man pages and functional requirements. We chose PIR models because we could extend them to model data dependencies and correlations the critical ingredients of our approach in a more principled manner than if we had worked with alternate IR ranking models such as the Vector-Space model. In the use of language modeling by Ponte and Croft 17  , a unigram language model is estimated for each document  , and the likelihood of the query according to this model is used to score the document for ranking. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. We currently concentrate on system design and integration. This paper will demonstrate that these advantages translate directly into improved retrieval performance for the routing problem. It is a probabilistic model that considers documents as binary vectors and ranks them in order of their probability of relevance given a query according to the Probability Ranking Principle 2. The main feature of the PRM-S model is that weights for combining field-level scores are estimated based on the predicted mapping between query terms and document fields  , which can be efficiently computed based on collection term statistics. In this section  , we propose a non-parametric probabilistic model to measure context-based and overall relevance between a manuscript and a candidate citation  , for ranking retrieved candidates. This work is also closely related to the retrieval models that capture higher order dependencies of query terms. Thus  , our PIRCS system may also be viewed as a combination of the probabilistic retrieval model and a simple language model. The proposed model is guided by the principle that given the normalized frequency of a term in a document   , the score is proportional to the likelihood that the normalized tf is maximum with respect to its distribution in the elite set for the corresponding term. The PLM at a position of a document would be estimated based on the propagated word counts from the words at all other positions in the document. Lafferty and Zhai 7 have demonstrated the probability equivalence of the language model to the probabilistic retrieval model under some very strong assumptions  , which may or may not hold in practice. Next  , we improve on it by employing a probabilistic generative model for documents  , queries and query terms  , and obtain our best results using a variant of the model that incorporates a simple randomwalk modification. This paper focuses on whether the use of context information can enhance retrieval effectiveness in retrospective experiments that use the statistics of relevance information similar to the w4 term weight 1  , the ratio of relevance odds and irrelevance odds. This paper discusses an approach to the incorporation of new variables into traditional probabilistic models for information retrieval  , and some experimental results relating thereto. Research on disambiguating senses of the translated queries and distributing the weighting for each translation candidate in a vector space model or a probabilistic retrieval model 3 will be the primary focus in the second phase of the MUST project. However  , as any retrieval system has a restricted knowledge about a request  , the notation /A: used in the probabilistic formulas below does not relate to a single request  , it stands for a set of requests about which the system has the same knowledge. If Model 3 constitutes a valid schema for this kind of a search situation  , we see that it should be applicable not only to the document retrieval problem but for other kinds of search and retrieval situations as well. These dependent term groups were then used to modify the rankings of documents retrieved by a probabilistic retrieval  , as was done in CROVS6a. Among the applications for a probabilistic model are i accurate search and retrieval from Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Our performance experiments demonstrate the efficiency and practical viability of TopX for ranked retrieval of XML data. In information retrieval domain  , systems are founded on three basic ones models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model which were derived within many variations extended Boolean models  , models based on fuzzy sets theory  , generalized vector space model ,. Basically  , a model of Type I is a model where balls tokens are randomly extracted from an urn  , whilst in Type II models balls are randomly extracted from an urn belonging to a collection of urns documents. In 1976 Robertson and Sparck Jones proposed a second probabilistic model which we shall refer to as Model 2 for the document retrieval problem. To evaluate relevance of retrieved opinion sentences in the situation where humanlabeled judgments are not available  , we measured the proximity between the retrieved text and the actual reviews of a query product. 5 Model 2 interprets the information seeking situation in the usual way as follows: The documents in the collection have a wide variety of different properties; semantic properties of aboutness  , linguistic properties concerning words that occur in their titles or text  , contextual properties concerning who are their authors  , where they were published   , what they cited  , etc. The database centric probabilistic retrieval model is compared to existing semantic labeling and retrieval methods  , and shown to achieve higher accuracy than the previously best published results  , at a fraction of their computational cost. However  , diaeerent research communities have associated diaeerent partially incompatiblee interpretations with the values returned from such score functions   , such astThe fuzzy set interpretation ë2  , 8ë  , the spatial interpretation originally used in text databases  , the metric interpetation ë9ë  , or the probabilistic interpretation underlying advanced information retrieval systems ë10ë. The classical probabilistic retrieval model 16  , 13  of information retrieval has received recognition for being theoreti- Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Recently  , though  , it has been proved that considering sequences of terms that form query concepts is beneficial for retrieval 6. We propose a formal probabilistic model for incorporating query and key concepts information into a single structured query  , and show that using these structured queries results in a statistically significant improvement in retrieval performance over using the original description queries on all tested corpora. Following 21  , we define a theme as follows: Definition 1 Theme A theme in a text collection C is a probabilistic distribution of words characterizing a semantically coherent topic or subtopic. According to one model Collection-centric  , each collection is represented as a term distribution  , which is estimated from all sampled documents. The framework is very general and expressive  , and by choosing specific models and loss functions it is possible to recover many previously developed frameworks. We focused on the problem of opinion topic relatedness and we showed that using proximity information of opinionated terms to query terms is a good indicator of opinion and query-relatedness. In Bau99  , the procedure for estimating the addends in equation 2 is exemplarily shown for the mentioned BIR as well as the retrieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model Fuh92. In fact  , most of the known non-distributed probabilistic retrieval models propose a RSV computation that is based on an accumulation over all query features. We first utilize a probabilistic retrieval model to select a smaller set of candidate questions that are relevant to a given review from a large pool of questions crawled from the CQA website. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. ing e.g. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. The strategy developed from the probabilistic model by Croft CROFS1 ,CROF86a 1 can make use of information about the relative importance of terms and about dependencies between terms. Figure 2 shows the recallprecision curves for the results of executing 19 queries with the two retrieval mechanisms LSA and probabilistic model supported in CodeBroker. In this paper we: i present a general probabilistic model for incorporating information about key concepts into the base query  , ii develop a supervised machine learning technique for key concept identification and weighting  , and iii empirically demonstrate that our technique can significantly improve retrieval effectiveness for verbose queries. For information retrieval  , query prefetching typically assumes a probabilistic model  , e.g. Our model integrates information produced by some standard fusion method  , which relies on retrieval scores ranks of documents in the lists  , with that induced from clusters that are created from similar documents across the lists. In this section  , we analyze the probabilistic retrieval model based on the multinomial distribution to shed some light on the intuition of using the DCM distribution. With such a probabilistic model  , we can then select those segmentations with high probabilities and use them to construct models for information retrieval. Each model ranks candidates according to the probability of the candidate being an expert given the query topic  , but the models differ in how this is performed. With the mapping probabilities estimated as described above  , the probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S can use these as weights for combining the scores from each field PQLw|fj into a document score  , as follows: Also  , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. He proposed to extract temporal expressions from news  , index news articles together with temporal expressions   , and retrieve future information composed of text and future dates by using a probabilistic model. In particular  , we hope to develop and test a model  , within the framework of the probabilistic theory of document retrieval  , which makes optimum use of within-document frequencies in searching. Progress towards this end  , both theoretical and experimental  , is described in this chapter. The language modeling approach to information retrieval represents queries and documents as probabilistic models 1. Researchers explicitly attempted to model word occurrences in relevant and nonrelevant classes of documents  , and used their models to classify the document into the more likely class. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. Using the notion of the context  , we can develop a probabilistic context-based retrieval model 2. For example  , for the query " bank of america online banking "   , {banking  , 0.001} are all valid segmentations  , where brackets   are used to indicate segment boundaries and the number at the end is the probability of that particular segmentation. The initial thresholds are set to a large multiple of the probability of selecting the query from a random document. The basic system we used for SK retrieval in TREC-8 is similar to that presented at TREC-7 11   , but the final system also contains several new devices. Figure 5shows the interpolated precision scores for the top 20 retrieved page images using 1-word queries. Assuming the metric is an accurate reflection of result quality for the given application  , our approach argues that optimizing the metric will guide the system towards desired results. Unlike most existing combination strategies   , ours makes use of some knowledge of the average performance of the constituent systems. There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance  , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. With respect to representations  , two research directions can be taken in order to relax the independence assumption 9  , 16. The use of these two weights is equivalent to the tf.idf model SALT83b ,CROF84 which is regarded as one of the best statistical search strategies. We calculate the log-odds ratio of the probabilities of relevant and irrelevant given a particular context and assign the value to the query term weight. Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query  , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. The language mod¾ However  , the motivation to extend the original probabilistic model 28 with within-document term frequency and document length normalisation was probably based on empirical observations. Our contributions are:  Presenting a novel probabilistic opinion retrieval model that is based on proximity between opinion lexicons and query terms. The standard probabilistic retrieval model uses three basic parameters  Swanson  , 1974  , 1975: In particular  , instead of considering only the overall frequency characteristics of the terms  , one is interested in the term-occurrence properties in both the relevant and the nonrelevant items with respect to some query. The probabilistic model described in the following may be considered to be a proposal for such a framework. In this study  , we further extend the previous utilizations of query logs to tackle the contextual retrieval problems. All these experiments have like ours  , been done on the CACM document collection and the dependencies derived from queries were then used in a probabilistic model for retrieval. In general  , our work indicates the potential value of " teaching to the test " —choosing  , as the objective function to be optimized in the probabilistic model  , the metric used to evaluate the information retrieval system. We have proposed a probabilistic model for combining the outputs of an arbitrary number of query retrieval systems. In this section  , we describe probFuse  , a probabilistic approach to data fusion. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , there have been no attempts to prefetch RDF data based on the structure of sequential related Sparql queries within and across query sessions. We created a half of the queries  , and collected the other half from empirical experiments and frequently asked questions in Java-related newsgroups. Relevance modeling 14 is a BRF approach to language modeling that uses the top ranked documents to construct a probabilistic model for performing the second retrieval. Being able to provide specific answers is only possible from models supporting LMU only conditionally  , as for example the vector space models with trained parameters or probabilistic models do 7. The central issue of statistical machine translation is to construct a probabilistic model between the spaces of two languages 4. In information retrieval  , many statistical methods 3 8 9 have been proposed for effectively finding the relationship between terms in the space of user queries and those in the space of documents. The probabilistic annotation model can handle multi-word queries while the direct retrieval approach is limited to 1 word queries at this time. Figure 4shows that this yields a much better ordering than the original probabilistic annotation  , even better than the direct retrieval model for high ranks. We first employ a probabilistic retrieval model to retrieve candidate questions based on their relevance scores to a review. In this paper we presented a robust probabilistic model for query by melody. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. We have shown here that at least as far as the current state of the art with respect to Boolean operators is concerned  , a probabilistic theory of information retrieval can be equally beneficial in this regard. The classic probabilistic model of information retrieval the RSJ model 18 takes the query-oriented view or need-oriented view  , assuming a given information need and choosing the query representation in order to select relevant documents. This ranking function includes a probability called the term significunce weight that can estimated by nor- malizing the within document frequency for a term in a particular document. Representative examples include the Probabilistic Indexing model that studies how likely a query term is assigned to a relevant document 17  , the RSJ model that derives a scoring function on the basis of the log-ratio of probability of relevance 20  , to name just a few. To the best of our knowledge  , our paper presents the very first application of all three n-gram based topic models on Gigabyte collections  , and a novel way to integrate n-gram based topic models into the language modeling framework for information retrieval tasks. All Permission to copy without ~ee all or part o~ this material is granted provided th;ot the copyright notice a~ the "Organization o~ the 1~86-ACM Con~erence an Research and Development in Information Retrieval~ and the title o~ the publication and it~ date appear. In the next section  , we address these concerns by taking a more principled approach to set-based information retrieval via maximum a posteriori probabilistic inference in a latent variable graphical model of marginal relevance PLMMR. ln the experiments reported in this paper we have also incremented document scores by some factor but the differences between our experiment and Croft's work are the methods used for identifying dependencies from queries  , and the fact that syntactic information from document texts sentence a.nd phrase boundaries is used in our work. While the inherent benefits of longer training times and better model estimates are now fairly well understood  , it has one additional advantage over query centric retrieval that does not appear to be widely appreciated. These methods should be considered with respect to their applicability in the field of information retrieval  , especially those that are based on a probabilistic model: they have a well-founded thm retical background and can be shown to be optimum with respect to certain reasonable restrictions. Despite this progress in the development of formal retrieval models  , good empirical performance rarely comes directly from a theoretically well-motivated model; rather  , Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The way this information can be used is best described using the probabilistic model of retrieval  , although the same information has been used effectively in systems based on the vector space model Salton and McGill  , 1983; Salton  , 1986; Fagan  , 1987  , 1981  , 1983. For systems with great variability in the lengths of its documents   , it would be more realistic to assume that for fixed j  , X is proportional to the length of document k. Assumption b seems to hold  , but sometimes the documents are ordered by topics  , and then adjacent documents often treat the same subject  , so that X and X~ may be positively correlated if Ik -gl is small. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface  , an eaecient query evaluator  , user proaele manager  , persistence manager etc. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . In this way  , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model  , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. These properties are considered as random influence. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. The first query delivers already the best possible results only. For searching in the implicit C-space  , any best-first search mechanism can be applied. The best 900 rules  , as measured by extended Laplace accuracy  , were saved. The pruning comes in three forms. Admissible functions are optimistic. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first approach towards comprehensive context modeling for context-aware search. 4 Experiments on the search results of a commercial search engine well validated its effectiveness. The technique is applied to a graph representation of the octree search space  , and it performs a global search through the graph. Both the search engine and the crawler were not built specifically for this application. First  , the current best partial solution is expanded its successors are added to the search graph by picking an unexpanded search state within the current policy. We chose these two benchmark systems because Google is currently known as the best general search engine and NanoSpot is currently one of the best NSE domain-specific search engines. Search terminates when no new ps maybeopenedor~only remainingcandidatep: ,iSthe desired destinetionp~ itself. A reformulation node is chosen based on a modified form of best-first search. To the best of our knowledge  , XSeek is the first XML keyword search engine that automatically infers desirable return nodes to form query results. First the parameter space was coarsely gridded with logarithmic spacing.  Results: It presents experimental results from SPR and Prophet with different search spaces. We first obtain the ground-truth of search intents for each eventdriven query. Due to the space limitations  , the details are omitted here. Here  , we present MQSearch: a realization of a search engine with full support for measured information. The findings can help improve user interface design for expert search. However  , Backward expanding search may perform poorly w.r.t. Typical state lattice planners for static domains are implemented using a best-first search over the graph such as A* or D*-lite. The search attention is always concentrated on the current node unless it is abandoned according to the pruning criteria. Best first searches are a subset of heuristic search techniques which are very popular in artificial intelligence. In this work  , we first classify search results  , and then use their classifications directly to classify the original query. Notice also that we have chosen to search " worsefirst   , " rather than to search " best-first. " The simulated search scenario for ENA task was as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first time that an entertainment-based search task is simulated in this way. Furthermore  , the OASIS search technique employs a best-first A* search strategy as it descends the suffix tree. We first perform a best-first-search in the graph from the node containing the initial position tc the node containing the goal. Using the best individual from the first run as the basis for a second evolutionary run we evolved a trot gait that moves at 900cm/min. Next  , state values and best action choices are updated in a bottom-up manner  , starting from the newly expanded state. Browsing a " best " set required using the application's pull-down menu to open files from the hard disk. System B scored best when respondents reacted to the third statement  , about search outcome 24-score mean: 1.46  , and scored almost as well on the first statement 24score mean: 1.50. Then  , we use the generic similarity search model two times consecutively  , to first find the best candidate popular patterns and second locate the best code examples. If the goal t for finite search spacar $ &t first fiche csns.s some depth first search at the most promising node and if a solution is not found  , thii node soon becomes less promising zu compared to 8ome other aa yet unexplored node which is then expanded and subsequently explored. Based on our experiments  , we find that our system enables broad crosslingual support for a wide variety of location search queries  , with results that compare well with the best monolingual location search providers. Nevertheless  , since this work is the first step toward our final goal  , our model is yet to cover all the aspects of location-based social search.  We present an experimental evaluation  , demonstrating that our approach is a promising one. It performs a best-first search of a graph of possible foot placements to explore sequences of trajectories. The increase in search space can also be seen in the size of the resulting lattice. TREC 2005 was the first year for the enterprise track  , which is an outgrowth of previous years' web track tasks. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first work to apply federated IR techniques in the context of entity search. This can be achieved by applying the negative logarithm to the original multiplicative estimator function Eq. For example   , a topic-focused best-first crawler 9 retrieves only 94 Movie search forms after crawling 100 ,000 pages related to movies. During a search  , the crawler only follows links from pages classified as being on-topic. Furthermore  , to the best of our knowledge  , SLIDIR is the first system specifically designed to retrieve and rank synthetic images. Best first searches combine the advantages of heuristics with other blind search techniques like DFS and BFS $. Traditionally  , test collections are described as consisting of three components: topics  , documents and relevance judgments 5. Academic search engines have become the starting point for many researchers when they draft research manuscripts or work on proposals. A best first search without backtracking should be effective if the pedestrian templates we take distribute averagely. In this paper  , we presented two methods for collection ranking of distributed knowledge repositories. The candidate graph G c is a directed graph containing important associations of variables where the redundancy of associations should be minimized. In order to use established best-first search approaches  , we need to make the heuristic function both additive and positive. This global view is a map of the search results over geographic space. Within the class of heuristic searches  , R* is somewhat related to K-best-first search 20. The latter limits the number of successors for each expanded state to at most K states. For the first encounter  , we search the best matching scans. Another group of related work is graph-based semi-supervised learning. Although other work has explored dwell time  , to the best of our knowledge this is the first work to use dwell time for a large scale  , general search relevance task. This paper provides a first attempt to bridge the gap between the two evolving research areas: procedural knowledge base and taskoriented search. In order to describe the search routines  , it is useful to first describe the search space in which they work. Given a user query  , we first determine dynamically appropriate weights of visual features  , to best capture the discriminative aspects of the resulting set of images that is retrieved. The page classifier guides the search and the crawler follows all links that belong to a page whose contents are classified as being on-topic. However  , the internal crawl is restricted to the webpages of the examined site. In our first attempt we did a plain full text keyword search for labels and synonyms and created one mapping for the best match if there was one. Using best-first search  , SCUP generates compositions for WSC problems with minimal cost of violations of the user preferences. A recent work 30 also propose to incorporate content salience into predicting user attention on SERPs. Secondly  , we would like to establish whether term frequency  , as modelled by the TP distribution  , represents useful additional information. The best-first planning BFP inethod 9 is adopted to search points with the minimum potential. Since the object inference may not be perfect  , multiple correspondences are allowed. The second criterion considers different kinds of relationships between an input query and its suggestions. Users rely on search engines not only to return pages related to their search query  , but also to separate the good from the bad  , and order results so that the best pages are suggested first. To the best of our knowledge   , this is the first criterion that compares the search result quality of the input query and its suggestions. As partial matches are computed   , the search also computes an upper-bound on the cost of matching the remaining portion of the query. Currently  , the search engine-crawler symbiosis is implemented using a search engine called Rosetta 5 ,4 and a Naive Best-First crawler 14 ,15. This is essentially a single-pair search for n constrained paths through a graph with n nodes. The first query is a general term  , by which the user is searching for the best coffee in Seattle area; whereas the second query is used to search for a coffee shop chain named as Seattle's Best Coffee which was originated from Seattle but now has expanded into other cities as well. The first task corresponds to an end-user task where focused retrieval answers are grouped per document  , in their original document order  , providing access through further navigational means. In this section we present experimental results for search with explicit and implicit annotations. Our first experiment investigates the differences in retrieval performance between LSs generated from three different search engines. In DAFFODIL the evaluation function is given by degree centrality measuring the number of co-authorships of a given actor  , i.e. Such a path is expected to provide the best opportunity for the machine to place its feet while moving with a certain gait over a rough terrain. In our experiments  , we observe that adding the author component tends to improve the recommendation quality better so we first tune α  , which yields different f-scores  , as shown by the blue curve in Fig. In the beginning we consider the first k links from each search engine  , find the permutation with highest self-similarity  , record it  , remove the links selected from candidate sets  , and then augment them by the next available links k + 1. As we shall discuss  , this Web service is only usable for specific goal instances – namely those that specify a city wherein the best restaurant in French. Over the past decade  , the Web has grown exponentially in size. Since the only task was to perform a real time ad hoc search for the track  , we decided that the task would be best suited by using a traditional search methodology. Financial data  , such as macro-economic indicator time series for countries  , information about mergers and acquisition M&A deals between companies  , or stock price time series  , is typically stored in relational databases  , requiring domain expertise to search and retrieve. The idea of heuristic best-first search is to estimate which nodes are most promising in the candidate set and then continue searching in the way of the most promising node. 2 We make our search system publicly accessible for enabling further research on and practical applications for web archives. By taking advantage of the best-first search  , the search space is effectively pruned and the top-k relevant objects are returned in an incremental manner. Description: Given this situation  , this person needs to first scan the whole system to identify the best databases for one particular topic  , then conduct a systematic search on those databases on a specific topic. For fuzzy search  , we compute records with keywords similar to query keywords  , and rank them to find the best answers. With an in-depth study to analyze the impacts of saliency features in search environment  , we demonstrate visual saliency features have a significant improvement on the performance of examination prediction. Thus  , it is most beneficial for the search engine to place best performing ads first. If additional speed is required from the graph search it may be possible to use a best first approach or time limit the search. Launching an image search required first launching a text search or " best " browse that displayed the resulting thumbnails  , and then dragging and dropping a thumbnail into the upper left pane. The GBRT reranker is by far the best  , improving by over 33% the precision of UDMQ  , which achieved the highest accuracy among all search engines participating in the MQ09 competition. The central contribution of this work is the observation that a perfect document ranking system does not necessarily lead to an upper-bound expert search performance. Thus  , to efficiently maintain an up-to-date collection of hidden-Web sources  , a crawling strategy must perform a broad search and simultaneously avoid visiting large unproductive regions of the Web. If the individual rankings of the search engines are perfect and each search engine is equally suited to the query  , this method should produce the best ranking. To the best of our knowledge  , our work is the first to establish a collaborative Twitter-based search personalization framework and present an effective means to integrate language modeling  , topic modeling and social media-specific components into a unified framework. This paper describes a preliminary  , and the first to the best of our knowledge  , attempt to address the interesting and practical challenge of a search engine duel. Since OASIS always expands the node at the head of the priority queue  , it is a best-first search technique like A*. This approach is suitable for building a comprehensive index  , as found in search engines such as Google or AltaVista. Another approach which is currently being investigated is to merge the graph built on the previous run of the Navigator with the one currently being built. Several research studies 21  , 1  , 5  , 28 highlighted the value of roles as means of control in collaborative applications . To our best knowledge  , we are among the first to adopt visual saliency information in predicting search examination behavior. To our best knowledge  , we are the first to use visual saliency maps in search scenario. In the remainder of this paper  , Section 2 discusses related work on expert search and association models. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study to evaluate the impact of SSD on search engine cache management. When more than one task is returned from the procedural knowledge base  , we need to determine which task is the best fit for the user's search intent. We extract the search result pages belong to Yelp 2   , TripAdvisor 3 and OpenTable 4 from the first 50 results. When searching for syllabi on a generic search engine the best case scenario is that the first handful of links returns the most popular syllabi and the rest of them are not very relevant. The first is Best- First search  , which prioritizes links in the frontier based on the similarity between the query and the page where the link was found. of the measure we want to minimize for configurations inside this cell  , weighted by the average probability for all cells of the graph. Best-first search which uses admissible function  , finds the first goal node that is also the optimal one. The TREC topics are real queries  , selected by editors from a search engine log. In this paper we aim to learn from positive and negative user interactions recorded in voice search logs to mine implicit transcripts that can be used to train ASR models for voice queries first contribution . Ours is also the first to provide an in-depth study of selecting new web pages for recommendations. One of the first focused web crawlers was presented by 8 which introduced a best-first search strategy based on simple criteria such as keyword occurrences and anchor texts. Also  , it is very difficult to search for syllabi on a per-subject basis or restrict the search to just syllabi if one is looking for something specific—like how many syllabi use a certain text book for instance. The first run for list-questions selected the twelve best matching answers  , whereas the second and third run used our answer cardinality method Section 2.3  , to select the N-best answers. Because we did not have any ground truth for selecting among these alternatives in the first year of the track  , we instantiated a small crowdsourcing task on CrowdFlower  , 9 in which we showed the annotators questions from the final dry run  , with up to six answers from the six retrieval configurations when two or more methods returned the same answer  , we would show fewer than six options. Using the document option  , the user can browse through each document; information displayed includes the first lines of the documents  , the list of references cited in the paper  , the list of papers citing the document and the list of other related documents. Furthermore  , all of these search engines Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. 2 Based on the documents you've examined on the search result list  , please select the star rating that best reflects your opinion of the actual quality of the query subjects were presented with the 5-star rating widget. To our best knowledge  , this work is the first systematic study for BT on real world ads click-through log in academia. Such useful documents may then be ranked low by the search engine  , and will never be examined by typical users who do not look beyond the first page of results. 2 If the Web is viewed as a graph with the nodes as documents and the edges as hyperlinks  , a crawler typically performs some type of best-first search through the graph  , indexing or collecting all of the pages it finds. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to use a weighted-multiple-window-based approach in a language model for association discovery. Our primary contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first study that both proposes a theoretical framework for eliminating selection bias in personal search and provides an extensive empirical evaluation using large-scale live experiments. The second task  , namely prior art search  , consists of 1000 test patents and the task is to retrieve sets of documents invalidating each test patent. The first and simplest heuristic investigates estimates of search engine's page counts for queries containing the artist to be classified and the country name. Our contribution is three-fold: to the best of our knowledge  , this is a first attempt to i investigate diversity for event-driven queries  , ii use the stream of Wikipedia article changes to investigate temporal intent variance for event-driven queries 2   , and iii quantify temporal variance between a set of search intents for a topic. In this context  , the ontological reasoning provides a way to compute the heuristic cost of a method before decomposing it. The task we have defined is to travel to a destination while obeying gait constraints. The backtraclking method applies the last-in-first-out policy to node generation instead of node expansion. After the candidate scene is selected by the priority-rating strategy  , its SIFT features are stored in a kd-tree and the best-bin-first strategy is used to search feature matches. This research has been co-financed by the European Union European Social Fund ESF and Greek national funds through the Operational Program " Education and Lifelong Learning " of the National Strategic Reference Framework NSRF -Research Funding Program: Heracleitus II. In our experiments  , we test the geometric mean heuristicusinga twostageN-best rescoring technique: in the first stage  , the beam search is carried out to identify the top N candidates whose scores are consequently normalized by their word sequence lengths in the second stage. Increasing the candidate statements beyond 200 never increases the number of correct patches that are first to validate . By doing this  , we search for a unified set of latent factors that best explains both content and link structures simultaneously and seamlessly. She can ask the librarian's assistance with regards to the terminology and structure of the domain of interest  , or search the catalogue  , then she can browse the shelf that covers the topic of interest and pick the items that are best for the task at hand. Naturally  , an abundance of research challenges  , in addition to those we address here  , arise. This person needs to compare the descriptions of the contents of different databases in order to choose the appropriate ones. The problem of selection bias is especially important in the scenario of personal search where the personalized nature of information needs strongly biases the available training data. By applying A*  , a heuristic based best-first search is performed on the extended visibility graph. The subject is then allowed to use the simple combination method to do search for several times to find the best queries he/she deems appropriate. In the same vein  , there are several examples of navigational queries in the IBM intranet where the best result is a function of the geography of the user  , i.e. Note that although the first two baselines are heuristic and simple   , they do produce reasonable results for short-term popularity prediction  , thus forming competitive baselines see 29. We assess our techniques using query logs from a production cluster of a commercial search engine  , a commercial advertisement engine  , as well as using synthetic workloads derived from well-known distributions. The first task provides a set of expertdefined natural language questions of information needs also known as TS topics for retrieving sets of documents from a predefined collection that can best answer those questions. A control strategy such as that discussed earlier in this section can be put into the ASN as a "first guess'; that can be adjusted according to experience. To the best of our knowledge  , we are the first studying the relation between long-term web document persistence and relevance for improving search effectiveness. Ranked retrieval test collections support insightful  , explainable  , repeatable and affordable evaluation of the degree to which search systems present results in best-first order. ARRANGER works as follows: First  , the best ranking functions learned from the training set are stored and the rest are discarded. The system eliminates the pixels in the masked region from the calculation of the correlation of the large template Fig.2left and determines the best match position of the template with the minimum correlation error in a search area. In the following discussion we focus on the first type of selection  , that is  , discovering which digital libraries are the best places for the user to begin a search. In this paper  , we present HAWK  , the to best of our knowledge first fullfledged hybrid QA framework for entity search over Linked Data and textual data. Analogously to a focused page crawler  , the internal crawler traverses the web using a best-first search strategy. In this paper  , we present a novel distributed keyword-based search technique over RDF data that builds the best k results in the first k generated answers. Users tend to reformulate their queries when they are not happy with search results 4. Since the first strategy in general produces the shortest key list for record retrieval  , it is usually but not always the best strategy in most sit- uations. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work addressing the issue of result diversification in keyword search on RDF data. A challenge in any search optimization including ours is deriving statistics about variables used in the model; we have presented a few methods to derive these statistics based on data and statistics that is generally available in search engines. More concretely  , our contributions are:  We propose a mechanism for expiring cache entries based on a time-to-live value and a mechanism for maintaining the cache content fresh by issuing refresh queries to back-end search clusters  , depending on availability of idle cycles in those clusters. Second  , we will study  , using well chosen parameters  , which searching scheme is the best for frequent k-n-match search. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to infer the strength of document-person associations beyond authorship attribution for expert search in academia. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: in the next Section we introduce the related work  , before going on to describe the unique features of web image search user interfaces in Section 3. Note that  , because the probability of clicking on an ad drops so significantly with ad position  , the accuracy with which we estimate its CTR can have a significant effect on revenues. To the best of the authors' knowledge  , however  , our work is the first on automatically detecting queries representing specific standing interests   , based on users' search history  , for the purposes of making web page recommendations. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first characterization of this tradeoff. Our approach to the second selection problem has been discussed elsewhere6 ,7. Our experiments in section 3 are concerned with the manual search task on the TRECVID2002 and TRECVID2003 datasets. That is  , the first X documents are retrieved from the ranked list  , where X is the number which gives the best average effectiveness as measured by the E value. The main contributions of this paper are: 1 To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on modeling user intents as intent hierarchies and using the intent hierarchies for evaluating search result diversity. The first purely statistical approach uses a compiled English word list collected from various available linguistic resources. We discretize each parameter in 5 settings in the range 0  , 1 and choose the best-performer configuration according to a grid search. Omohundro 1987 proposed that the first experience found in tlie k-d tree search should be used instead  , as it is probably close enough. This means that the program generated an optimal schedule with the same makespan in a much shorter time using function h2m. To the best of our knowledge  , this study is the first to address the practical challenge of keeping an OSN-based search / recommender system up-to-date  , a challenge that has become essential given the phenomenal growth rate of user populations in today's OSNs 2. In this section  , we first describe our experimental setting for predicting user participation in threads in Section 4.1. To our knowledge  , little research has explicitly addressed the problem of NP-query performance prediction. We are still left with the task of finding short coherent chains to serve as vertices of G. These chains can be generated by a general best-first search strategy. In this work  , we extend this line of work by presenting the first study  , to the best of our knowledge  , of user behavior patterns when interacting with intelligent assistants. In brief  , it does a best-first search from each node matching a keyword; whenever it finds a node that has been reached from each keyword  , it outputs an answer tree. The " stand-alone " approaches described above suffered from a key architectural drawback as pointed out by 40  , the first paper to propose an explicit workload model and also to use the query optimizer for estimating costs. In order to automatically create a 3D model of an unknown object  , first the workspace of the robot needs to be explored in search for the object. The corresponding operation times are given in Notice h2m reduced the number of iterations quite significantly  , i.e. One is that it is not necessarily optimal to simply follow a " best-first " search  , because it is sometimes necessary to go through several off-topic pages to get to the next relevant one. A search engine can assist a topical crawler by sharing the more global Web information available to it. To our best knowledge  , this is the first study of the extent to which an upper-bound limit of expert search performance is achievable when in presence of perfect document rankings. They do not report on the users' accuracy on the information-seeking tasks ad- ministered. To the best of our knowledge  , the SSTM is the first model that accommodates a variety of spatiotemporal patterns in a unified fashion. The resulting 1-best error rates decrease for the first three setups but stays around the same for the third and fourth. The performance of Rank-S depends on the CSI it uses  for the initial search in two ways: first  , the number of documents   , assuming that a larger CSI also causes a more accurate selection  , and second  , exactly which documents are sampled. To the best of knowledge  , this paper represents one of the first efforts towards this target in the information retrieval research community. Next  , while the inverted index was traditionally stored on disk  , with the predominance of inexpensive memory  , search engines are increasingly caching the entire inverted index in memory  , to assure low latency responses 12  , 15. A number of experiments were carried out aiming at reinforcing our understanding of query formulation  , search and post-hoc ranking for question answering. 2 We propose hierarchical measures using intent hierarchies   , including Layer-Aware measures  , N-rec  , LD♯-measures  , LAD♯-measures  , and HD♯-measures. Note that by construction there are no local minimain the potential field for each tixqi space. This results in a fast determination of the shortest distance paths  , which enable the robot to navigate safely in narrow passages as well as efficiently in open spaces. The experimental results here can bring the message " it is time to rethink about your caching management " to practitioners who have used or are planning to use SSD to replace HDD in their infrastructures. Later  , several papers such as 2 and 3 suggested to exploit measures for the importance of a webpage such as authority and hub ranks based on the link structure of the world-wide-web to order the crawl frontier. In our within-subjects design  , the set of 24 scores for each of the first 4 statements about System A was compared with the corresponding set of 24 scores for each statement about System B. As there are currently no commercial or academic crosslingual location search systems available  , we construct a baseline  , using our transliteration system and the commercial location search engines referred to as  , T + CS listed above  , as follows: we first transliterate each of the test queries in Arabic  , Hindi and Japanese to English using our transliteration engine  , and then send the four highest ranked transliteration candidates to the three commercial location search engines. For the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to provide entity-oriented search on the Internet Archive  , as the basis for a new kind of access to web archives  , with the following contributions: 1 We propose a novel web archive search system that supports entity-based queries and multilingual search. In order to combine the scores produced by different sources  , the values should be first made comparable across input systems 2  , which usually involves a normalization step 5. We specify the techniques in a first-order logic framework and illustrate the definitions by a running example throughout the paper: a goal specifies the objective of finding the best restaurant in a city  , and a Web service provides a search facility for the best French restaurant in a city. Definition 18. Our first research question examined the impact of non-uniform information access on the outcomes of CIR. Their best summarization method  , which first displayed keywords for a Web page followed by the most salient sentence  , was shown to reduce the users' search time as compared to other summarization schemes. The average AP curve for one of the clusters shows a low AP for the first best word while additional words do not greatly improve it. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first system combining natural language search and NLG for financial data. In summary  , the contributions of our work in this paper can be summarized as follows:  To the best of our knowledge  , we proposed the first time-dependent model to calculate the query terms similarity by exploiting the dynamic nature of clickthrough data. However  , for query optimization a lower bound estimate of the future costs is always based on the best case for each operation  , i.e. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work on developing a formal model for location-based social search that considers check-in information as well as alternative recommendation. A test image with unknown location is then assigned the location found by interpolating the locations of the most similar images. The second pass does not use template stepping and is a refinement step to select the best possible SAD from within the 2i by 2i region. For the second iteration  , we will consider links numbered 2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 from first engine  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the second one  , 1 ,2 ,4 ,5 ,6 from the third one and so on in selecting the next best similarity. In a rare study of this sort  , McCarn 9  , 10  , analyzing data of Pollitt 17 on searches of bibliographic databases  , found that a loss-based effectiveness measure was highly predictive of the amount of money a user stated they would be willing to pay for the search result. Re- search Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. the top tags in the ranked tag list are the keywords that can best describe the visual content of the query image  , the group will be found with high probability. Permission to copy without fee all or part of this material is granted provided that the copies are not made or distributed for direct commercial advantage  , the VLDB copyright notice and the title of the publication and its date appear  , and notice is given that copying is by permission of the Very Large Data Base Endowment. According to the best of our knowledge  , this is the first paper that describes an end-to-end system for answering fact lookup queries in search engines. First  , there seems to be almost no difference between the partial-match and the fuzzymatch runs in most cases  , which indicates that for INEX-like queries  , complex context resemblance measures do not significantly impact the quality of the results. The modular design of the ARMin robot that allows various combinations of proximal and distal arm training modes will also provide the platform for the search of the best rehabilitation practice. Thus  , identifying the most Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The reason why we just use the directed version of the M-HD is that our goal is to check if a pedestrian similar to the template is in the image  , but the distance measure of the other direction may include the information about dissimilarity between non-pedestrian edges in the environment and our template image so that an unreasonable large amount of undirected M-HD occurs. Under-specified or ambiguous queries are a common problem for web information retrieval systems 2  , especially when the queries used are often only a few words in length. While automatic tag recommendation is an actively pursued research topic  , to the best of our knowledge  , we are the first to study in depth the problem of automatic and real-time tag recommendation  , and propose a solution with promising performance when evaluated on two real-world tagging datasets  , i.e. Recently  , the different types of Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Instead of determining the correct grid cell and returning the latitude/longitude of the cell's center  , a text-based twostep approach is proposed in 23: first  , the most likely area is found by a language modeling approach and within the found cell  , the best match images are determined by a similarity search. To the best of our knowledge  , Cupboard is the first system to put together all these functionalities to create an essential infrastructure component for Semantic Web developers and more generally  , a useful  , shared and open environment for the ontology community. Now  , having theoretically grounded – in an ontological key 23 – the initial  , basic notions -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are objects of the continuous and differentiable function of the Universe -that all thinking things and all unthinking things are equally motivated to strive to become better and/or the best I would like to pass on to the problem of the search for information  , having first formulated what information is. Our approach is simple yet effective and powerful  , and as discussed later in Section 6  , it also opens up several aspects of improvements and future work aligned with the concept of facilitating user's search without the aid of query logs. In summary  , we have made the following contributions: i A new type of interaction options based on ontologies to enable scalable interactive query construction  , and a theoretical justification about the effectiveness of these options; ii A scheme to enable efficient generation of top-k structured queries and interaction options   , without the complete knowledge of the query interpretation space; iii An experimental study on Freebase to verify the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach; iv To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first attempt to enable effective keyword-based query construction on such a large scale database as Freebase  , considering that most existing work on database keyword search uses only test sets of small schemas  , such as DBLP  , IMDB  , etc. In this way  , interactive query construction opens the world of structured queries to unskilled users  , who are not familiar with structured query languages  , without actually requiring them to learn such query language. Answers question page in the search results once seeing it. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . The result obtained is presented in Table 4. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Table 1presents the results. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. The reasons are two-folded. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . We can make the following observations. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. We compute the similarity among users using Pearson correlation 16 between their ratings. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. From Table 1  , we observe that there is low correlation of each of these attributes to conversations with high interestingness. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. result abstracts at lower ranks. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. We have scaled such that the maximum number of downloads in both the observed and predicted values is equal to 1. We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. Emotion Words. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Specify individual optimization rules. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. We showed the optimization of a simple query. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The optimization in Eq. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Further  , we also improve on their solution. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Optimization. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. We envision three lines of future research. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The existing optimizers  , eg. query execution time. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Meta query optimization. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. General query optimization is infeasible. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. This is an open question and may require further research. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. A structurally recursive query involves one or more recursive functions and function calls to them. The recursive member function was tested in P and the specifi- cation of the recursive member fumction remains unchanged. In the case of a recursive navigation   , it is mapped to an expression that consists of a function call to the built-in recursive function descendant-or-self and a projection. Recursive data structures and recursive function calls are inherently handled. Instead  , our approach maps a recursive navigation into a function call to a structurally recursive function by means of the translation method presented in 3 for a regular path expression. We use fixed-point iteration to solve this mutually recursive equation . Otherwise  , the function returns the sum of number of insertions for each recursive node. The XQuery core's approach to support recursive navigation is based on the built-in descendant-or-self function and the internal typing function recfactor as we have already seen in Section 2. The basic idea is to utilize the recursive function call mechanism of the C language. Dissallowing any function symbols such a recursive Horn clause will have the form This means that we have a single recursive Horn clause and the recursive predicate appears in the antecedent only once. they are equivalent. For example  , we can think of a query //title as a nondeterministic finite automaton depicted in Figure 8  , and define two structurally recursive functions from the automaton. This effect is similar to that of the XQuery core's relating projection to iteration . Furthermore  , if a structurally recursive query is applied to non-recursive XML data  , the structural function inlining transforms a recursive function call into a finitely nested iterations sensitive to their local types. In order to identify what function class we focus our consideration on  , we adopt the syntactic restrictions of the state-of-the-art work on structural recursion 3  , which define the common form of structurally recursive function. The standard way of deriving the semantics of a recursive function is to compute the least fixed point of its generating function. The advantage of this approach is that new notation for writing recursive queries is unnecessary; C programmers can write recursive queries the same way they write recursive functions. In fact  , the iterative and recursive programs do compute the same function; i.e. where the function X is implemented witli recursive least squares. For example: Since the additional recursive functions are anonymous  , they cannot possibly be invoked anywhere else. In this regard  , our structural function inlining is a novel technique for typing recursive XML queries. In contrast   , the structural function inlining optimizes recursive functions to avoid useless evaluation over irrelevant fragments of data. The SSG may contain cycles  , hence it is not necessary to introduce k-limiting techniques to represent self-referential data structures. Because of such functions  , the type of a structurally recursive query tends to be typed imprecisely. Recursive navigation. The first Horn clause is recursive in the sense that the relation ancestor appears on both the qualification and the consequent of it. Consider the case in which a recursive member function accesses the same data as a new attribute. Thus  , specification-based and program-based test cases need not be rerun. The method basically provides a recursive framework to construct a Lyapunov function and corresponding control action for the system stabilization. The recursive evaluation to determine this value is: Figure 3shows the recursive cost function. On the other hand  , a recursive navigation is typed differently by an ad hoc approach 11 that uses an internal typing function recfactor. It typically starts by translating the function body as if the inner call does nothing. Structurally recursive functions are a kind of the function classes to which we can apply the structural function inlining. In other words  , we have shown that the iterative program computes an extension of the function computed by our recursive program  , rather that the exact same function. For each of the three representative types of the structurally recursive query  , we present the current approach of the XQuery core  , new approaches that exploit the structural function inlining  , and some discus- sion. The mapped functions embed as much type information as possible into their function bodies from the given query. The query pruning 14 similarly optimizes regular path expressions  , but it is inapplicable to arbitrary recursive functions containing operations interleaved arbitrarily with navigation since such recursive functions are not transformed to finite automata. Mutually recursive functions can be handled easily  , since we can always transform a set of mutually recursive functions into a single recursive function with an additional " selection " parameter. In the above argument we established that the iterative program will terminate whenever the original recursive program does and that the two programs will then return the same value. For example  , //title is mapped intermediately to descendant-or-self$roots/title. How can we generate efficient code for a query like the one shown in Figure 1  , in view of the user-defined recursive function it involves. The recursive function definitions of universal and existential quantification are given in section 5. Interestingly  , the structurally recursive function is applied frequently to nonrecursive XML data. The user need not know how to define hierarchies in order to &fine recursive functions. The recursive method SPLIT introduced in Fig. The client computes h root using a recursive function starting from the root node. The empty stack is represented by the function with no input arguments NEWSTACK. Two types of strategies have been proposed to handle recusive queries. Set NEXTcompriijes all functions In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. If the kth link is moved  , BACK checks from the most distal Figure 5TheBACKfimction This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. If an interrupt restoring function is encountered  , we simply restore the state to X. To get rid of them  , we inline the corresponding function body in place of each function call. Second  , reference expressions in user-defined functions might involve local variables  , which are meaningless outside the function context. Recognizing a variable on a tree is done through a recursive function traverse shown in Fig. We call this way of counting words " soft-counting " because all the possible words are counted. The transfer function frequency bins may further be smoothened through a recursive least square technique. We refer to this kind of function inlining as structural function inlining. Thus  , the specification-based and program-based test suites for A are not rerun. A brief overview of our approach is as follows: Given a structurally recursive query  , it is mapped to structurally recursive functions and function calls to them. A RECURSIVE or VIRTUAL-RECURSIVE member function attribute A requires very limited retesting since it was previously individually tested in P and the specification and implementation remain unchanged. Both methods share the problem of too much generality since the pro- grammer can write anything into the loop or the function body; this severely limits query optimization. Due to the recursive nature of the approach  , such a procedure would have to be applied for any object at any recursive level. We have presented how the technique works  , how to cope with technical obstacles such as the infinite inlining  , and how to apply the technique to structurally recursive queries. That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. The main obstacle in typing and optimizing a structurally recursive query is the functions involved in the query. Thus  , the operations of the domain abstract data types can be mixed freely with tuple operations in expressions and recursive function definitions. The structural function inlining exploits the property that the structural parameter's type changes for each recursive call according to the syntactic restrictions. We address the above three challenges in the rest of this paper. The return type of a polymorphic recursive function that accepts any XML data is usually declared as xs:AnyType 10. Consider the expression descendant-or-self$roots/title mapped from //title. The example exhibits the use of recursive relationships assemblies and their component parts  , weak entities vendor locations  , and potentially null flelds structure description  , vendor status. function for pseudo-elements; in practice it might be more advantageous to implement it iteratively as a special case. The method to construct the functional equation is general enough to deal with recursive rules  , function symbols and non-binary predicates. Therefore the semantic operation apply -and thus also vwly -is a partial recursive function in every minimally defined model of Q LFINSET. The protocol tries to construct the quorum by selecting the root co. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. GEOKOBJ has several predefined functions e.g. The signature can be extended using function symbols  , to yield the full power of Prolog specifications. Thus  , operators on such large-grain data structures imply some kind of extended control structure such as a loop  , a sequence of statements  , a recursive function  , or other. If the modeled concept is a generic concept such as ComponentType in Fig. We also use the following recursive function to construct the unit type for a variable x based on its C type τ when no appropriate annotations for x are provided: The unit environment is constructed during constraint generation. For example  , they cannot handle recursive function definitions or loops whose termination depends on data structure invariants. In case of a cycle i.e. In this section  , we describe how to apply the structural function inlining to structurally recursive queries in XQuery. In this case  , as the second approach  , we should define a more generic structurally recursive function. This meaning may just be nontermination for some arguments e.g. First  , we cannot always expand function calls by inline code due to the existence of recursive functions. The recursive function generates the equivalent of o using one of the four following behaviors depending on the kind of concept the meta-class of o models. We now give examples of derivable relational concepts such as relational algebra and integrity constraints. The function of this stack is to support method assertions in recursive calls. The postcondition assertion method pops the stack and  , based on the recorded outcome of the precondition  , it evaluates the appropriate postcondition. As to optimizing functions  , most of existing optimization techniques 6  , 7 treat functions simply as externally defined black boxes accompanying some semantic information. The original case rules are specialized for each possible type  , and the resulting case rules introduce two new recursive function calls 3 and 5. Unfortunately  , the correct recursive function to induct upon is obscured by the many irrelevant terms in the hypothesis. A  , q as the retrieval status value of annotation A without taking any context into account calculated  , e.g. A modified version of GJK  , RGJK  , which exploits the recursive evaluation is stated in Section 3. This is implemented in a recursive function called BACK  Figure 5. The handlers are executed  , like functions  , in a recursive descent manner. Any remaining cycles in the request graph suggest that a possibly mutually-recursive function is making server requests. In the presence of children  , the predicate consists of the recursive concatenation using boolean or of the predicates of the children. It is the latter capability that allows us to define aggregate functions simply. The stack described above serves the back u_~ and output functions served by 0UTLIST. Although the tree notation is well suited for the transformational purposes  , its recursive nature does not guarantee an efficient execution. It is a recursive function that generates the set OptAns of all answers candidate to be optimum by combining the paths in a connected component cc. By throwing away all terms except the following: The correct induction can be chosen. Our major contributions are a new technique referred to as the structural function inlining and a new approach to the problem of typing and optimizing structurally recursive queries. Its application at line 2 automatically generates two sub-goals. This strategy builds up sets " naively " for " interesting " arguments of the function. This is accomplished with the following recursive function. A transaction attempting to construct a read quorum calls the recursive function Read- Quorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. This mapping is generic in that we can map any other recursive navigation query in the same way. In addition  , recursive functions may also be analyzed multiple times. This equivalent is added to the output meta-model instance. The execute-imm function computes the partial fixpoint of a database instance using some immediate rules. To handle inter-procedural dependences including recursive functions/procedures  , we have introduced auxiliary types of nodes in a PDG. Consequently the derivation starts with the translation of the associated fragment by evaluating the following function: The recursive rule rcr , ,.ure is achieved by: RULfhceurriva Closure  , e  , Ccrorurc  , immediate ,@ where Cclo ,urc is the conditions extracted from the function between " Floor-Request " and " Closure " . The actions of the rule consist in the closure method call and its own reactivation. The recursive form of the new function immediately leads to an iterative program form. The recursion should terminate when the output of the TRANSFORMER function is identical to its input. To do this  , ACL2 attempts to guess a well-founded measure for the function and to prove that it decreases with each recursive call. The first function in Figure 1is a recursive function cost::Part-+Num which computes the cost of any part : if x is a base part its cost is obtained from the base selector  , otherwise ils cost is obtained by recursively summing the costs of its immediate sub-parts. The following section shows that the standard transitive closure is one important example of a recursive query for which the running time of a sample is indeed a function of the sample size. Through utilizing such ranking function  , the recursive feature elimination procedure on the feature set provides more insights into the importance of each feature to the total revenue. A feature ranking list is then generated according to its contribution in training the optimal ranking function. A recursive function POSITION generalizing the OFFSET example is defined to give the 3- dimensional offset and orientation of the PART relative to the beginning of a hierarchy. Tries to prove the current formula with automatic induction. Notice that we are chasing to simplify the Icft-most  , outermost redex at each step above -this computation rule is known as rwrmuf-order reduction and it corresponds to the lazy evaluurion of function arguments. Many papers including 3  , 10  , 13  suggest such restriction for structural recursion . Therefore  , the recursive method for the stabilization of-the sys­ tem 1 can be given based on either the Krasovskii functional or the Razumikhin function. Another major difference between BFRJ and the depth-first approach is that BFRJ never traverses upwards in an R-tree while the depth-first approach traverses upwards as part of function returns of the recursive routines. performs a global translation  , rather than a recursive one as in the previous cases  , in which case the Decendents function returns the empty set. For instance  , the following function from 28  performs a recursive access on the class hierarchy in order to figure out whether an entity is an instance of a given class. The mapping is defined as follows: Using the mappings from Section 4.3  , we can now follow the approach of 4 and define a recursive mapping function T which takes a DL axiom of the form C D  , where C is an L b -class and D is an L h -class  , and maps it into an LP rule of the form A ← B. The theorem contains the condition thai the recursive function F be defined on a  , that the computation of Fa will terminate this condition is necessary for  , otherwise  , the iterative program will never terminate  , and therefore control will never reach finish at all. It is then straightforward to show that the behavior of the model is preserved after replacing each loop by a call to its corresponding anonymous recursive function. For the rest of the discussion  , we will assume that the ISSUBSUMED boolean operator can be implemented by re-writing to the SQL/XML XMLExists function. A dynamically changed DOM state does not register itself with the browser history engine automatically  , so triggering the 'Back' function of the browser is usually insufficient . During this traversal  , each non-terminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Converting dynamic errors to empty sequences yields correct results as in predicates without negations. Recursive data base queries expressed in datalog function-free Horn clause programs are most conveniently evaluated using the bottom-up or forward chaining evaluation method see  , e.g. For each object of the DO plane  , an emanating relation arrow implies that in the methods section of the source object  , there is a function that generates the destination object. At present we thercforc USC a boltom-up evaluation strategy for recursive and mutually-rccursivc set-valued functions. We assume that the rules may include recursive predicates referencing unary  , finite and inversible function symbols. Approaches Back-tracking provides a simple recursive method of generating all possible solution vectors. This could result in an infinite loop which would indicate that a link has become jammed. By creating a separate relation for every spec field  , Squander solves all these problems: whatever abstraction function is given to a spec field  , it will be translated into a relational constraint on the corresponding relation  , and Kodkod will find a suitable value for it. The local time cascade is a recursive function that derives a child's active time from the parent time container's simple time. Note the mutual recursive nature of linkspecs and link clauses. The actual splitting of the original target page is performed by creating the new right sibling as an exact copy of the page and then removing the unnecessary entries from both pages with the remove interface function. The fading is controllable by a weighting parameter a. In order to develop such supervisors we will construct a recursive function supervisor parameterized by functions next E NEXT. We assume that the tree has a well defined root  , and that a transaction attempting to construct a write quorum calls the recursive function WriteQuorum with the root of the tree  , CO  , as parameter. Since a reasonably good signal to noise ratio was attained in our experimental setups  , we only utilized ETFE. To be more specified  , we de­ sign the virtual input and Lyapunov-like function to eIlsure UUB stability of each sub-system recursively compensating the effect of uIIcertain parameters_ Be­ fore designing controller  , -we set some controller pa­ rameters evaluating some bounds of elements in 12. Since the Razumikhin func­ tion can be constructed easily and the additional re­ striction for the system is not required in the pro­ posed recursive design  , an asymptotically stabilizing controller can be explicitly constructed. By allowing models to be written declaratively or imperatively using simple data types as well as relations  , the programmer can concentrate more on writing the model and less on struggling with the limited expressiveness of the tool. All other relational notions are defined in terms of these primitives and recursive function composition. This edge corresponds to the recursive function call to walksub—Barnes implements the Barnes-Hut approach for the N-body problem  , and walksub recursively traverses the primary data structure  , a tree. In the above proof since the function superCon is recursive  , we need to perform the induction on the variable k. The PVS command induct invokes an inductive proof. From the local active time  , the segment and simple times are derived the model is logically inverted to calculate the active duration from simple duration. Since the type is recursive   , Build Surrogate Fn is invoked instead of Horizontal Optimization lines 23-26. But  , on the other hand  , we have exploited some internal mechanisms of EXPRESS  , namely the indexing with most specific terms and the automatic recursive term expansion described in Chapter 4  , in order to achieve an elegant partial solution. Further reduction in the computations can be accomplished by minimizing the coefficient of the logarithmic function of the time complexity . From the language perspective  , although many built-in functions are available  , features such as the remaining XQuery language constructs  , remaining XPath axes  , userdefined function library  , user-defined recursive functions  , and many built-in functions and operators can be done in the future. The ap- plication domain of this strategy according to Vie86 are all kinds of recursion defined by means of function free Horn clauses. Formally  , assume that we have a set U of unreachable atomic propositions. The final feature vector representation of the onset signature is constructed as follows  , by attaching mean and max values to the histogram: That is  , our hierarchical histogram is constructed by applying our recursive function until it reaches the level l. In our experiments  , l = 3 gave us good results. Here it is : This first proposition is a syntactically correct program  , but semantically it presents some difficulties : -I at the recursive call  , N is not modified rule I. To avoid using reflection   , a method is generated for each analyser that sorts all the " visit " method calls in a switch in function of the operator ids. For instance /a The translation function T takes three parameters: the location step of the XSQuirrel expression  , the current binding used by the FLWR expression and a list of predicates. Finally  , although probably not sensible in the incremental setting  , an iterate-until-stable style optimizer can be specified by simply introducing a recursive call to TRANSFORMER from within the Figure 4: A Parallelizing Tool FORMER function itself. Since LIME reports the tree traversal is imbalanced  , this suggests that the tree itself is imbalanced. We are building our theory by fii defining the concepts of higher level theories or formalisms in terms of our primitives and then proving their properties mechanically. This is not surprising  , for the implicit stack offered by the recursive control domain only serves the forward control function of ROOTSTACK in the iterative parser. − Encoding the set of descendant tags: The size of the input document being a concern  , we make the rather classic assumption that the document structure is compressed thanks to a dictionary of tags into the document hierachy at the price of making the DescTag function recursive. Suppose that a structurally recursive query Q is transformed into Q T by the structural function inlining with respect to type information T . Moreover  , the recursions in the definition of S ↓ and E ↓ correspond to recursive function calls of the respective evaluation functions. Given a hierarchical view that already is defined  , the user simply inserts a new function and provides a defining expression by using func- tions of PREV. Osprey takes as an additional input a configuration file that allows new definitions for unit prefixes  , unit aliases  , and unit factors that can be used in unit annotations. These seem to be rare in JavaScript programs—we have not encountered any in the applications in §7—and therefore serve as a diagnostic to the developer. Since the size-change principle does not consider the tests of if-statements  , it must consider infinite state sequences that cannot occur  , including the sequence that alternates between the two recursive calls. The profile above disambiguates the cases mentioned previously aa shortcomings of function and count profiles . Another possibly less efficient implementation is to use a recursive SQL statement as alluded to in Das et al 4. Predicate buffer and output buffer: The derivation of the function Out-Buffers is similar to that of Results  , and the derivation of Pred-Buffers is straightforward. The protocol tries to construct a quorum by selecting the root and a majority of its children. During this traversal  , each nonterminal and terminal node is analyzed  , making use of parse tree annotations and other functions and lexical resources that provide " semantic " interpretations of syntactic properties and lexical information. Property 3 shows that the R M R N   , possesses an elegant recursive property with regard to its structure in a manner similar to the n-cube. Because of the recursive feature of the BACK function the is checked for the second obstacle and moved in the opposite direction to the first movement  , returning the link to the original position. By doing The components of the resultant forceslmoments at the robot joints a a part due to velocity and gravity terms function of position and Even for the frictioniess problem  , a recursive  , and not the explicit form of the analytical equations which describe the robot dynamics  , is preferable for a numerical implementation. Recursive splitting due to parent page overflows are handled in the same way. The recursive function is defined as: Solve formula 16 by dynamic programing to learn the indication vector E = {e1  , e2  , ..  , em} and send sequence si to query for labeling if ei = 1. be achieved with total number of elements less than or equal to j using sequences up to i. Since distinguished variables are assumed to appear exactly once in the consequents of rules with the potential of repeated variables being real&d by equalities in the antecedent  , h is a function. In this case  , the current concept description D has to be specialized by means of an operator exploring the search space of downward refinements of D. Following the approach described in 5 ,8  , the refinement step produces a set of candidate specializations ρD and a subset of them  , namely RS  , is then randomly selected via function RandomSelection by setting its cardinality according to the value returned by a function f applied to the cardinality of the set of specializations returned by the refinement operator e.g. The keyword value  , as in domain constraint definitions  , provides a way of naming  , not the type  , bul the whole instance of the type or domain being referenced in an expression that is being evaluated it is often called self or this in programming languages. Notice that both measures are hard to compute over massive graphs: naive personalization would require on the fly power iteration over the entire graph for a user query; naive SimRank computation would require power iteration over all pairs of vertices. Analogously to Theorem 6.5  , we get  Finally  , note that using arguments relating the topdown method of this section with join optimization techniques in relational databases  , one may argue that the context-value table principle is also the basis of the polynomial-time bound of Theorem 7.4. Query trees present the same limitations as 15   , and are also not capable of expressing if/then/else expressions; sequences of expressions since we require that the result of the query always be an XML document; function applications; and arithmetic and set operations. Since templates serve different needs  , we extract those with a high probability of containing structured information on the basis of the following heuristic: templates with just one or two template attributes are ignored since these are templates likely to function as shortcuts for predefined boilerplates  , as well as templates whose usage count is below a certain threshold which are likely to be erroneous. The convenience of POE based Newton-Euler dynamics modeling of open chains  , demonstrated in 9 and 13  , has been incorporated into this work to provide a recursive formulation for computing the gradient as well. In what follows  , we will present the technique circum­ venting this problem with the two-dimensional sys­ tem 7 as example. As one composes large-grain operators and operands together into longer expressions  , each subexpression implies not only some atomic computations e.g. Within the SEM Model  , it also provides a function similar to an execution stack in a block-structured language  , where the current context is saved upon recursive invocations further planning and restored upon the successful translation and verification of certain artifacts following a promotion. In addition to the traditional causes like sort  , duplicate elimination and aggregates  , the value of a variable must be materialized in three cases: when the variable is used multiple times in the query  , when the variable is used inside a loop FOR  , sort or quantifiers  , or when the variable is an input of a recursive function. Another cause for materialization is backward navigation that cannot be transformed into forward navigation. In order to build our recursive calculations  , we first find an expression for the joint accelerations as a function of the acceleration of the platform and the reaction efforts  , next we find an expression for the reaction efforts as a function of the acceleration of the platform and  , finally  , we find an expression of the acceleration of the platform. As we shall see below  , global rules are very useful for customizing the translation -the user can add to the system global rules defining special treatment for specific subtrees in the data  , while the rest of the data is handled in a standard manner by the other predefined rules of the system. While our method of analyzing procedures has been motivated by the desire to Rave no restrictions on storage sharing and to proceed with minimal a-priori specifications about the program  , it allows us to model such language features as generic modes  , procedLre variables  , parameters of type procedure  , a simulated callby-name parameter mechanism and a user-accessible evaluating function. A first-order database is a function-free first-order theory in which the extensional database EDB  , corresponding to the data in relations  , is a set of ground having no variables positive unit clauses. Thus  , the key to recursive design for time­ delay systems is how to overcome this difficulty to construct recursively the virtual control law in each step such that in the final step the derivative of the Lyapunov-Razumikhin function of the system is neg­ ative whenever the Razumikhin condition holds. Member function B is virtual in P and since it is redefined in M  , it is virtual-redefined in R. Member function C is redefined in R since its implementation is changed by M and overrides member function C from P. Finally  , data members i and j in P arc inherited but hidden in R  , which means they cannot be aeeessed by member function defined in the modifier. Also  , the calculation of the object distance is slightly different in the implementation of ARTOO than the formula given in Section 2  , in that no normalization is applied to the elementary distances as a whole: for characters  , booleans  , and reference values the given constants are directly used  , and for numbers and strings the normalization function given in Section 2 is applied to the absolute value of the difference for numbers and to the Levenshtein distance respectively for strings. As briefly discussed in Section 2  , the structure irfposedon thedatabasebythedesign- eris representedby amdule graph  , that is  , a labelled directed acyclic gralk whose nodes represent n-cdules  , whose +=s indicate relationships between modules and whose labelling function assigns tags to r&es indicating how the mdule was created. However  , it is relatively more difficult for global variables as aliasing has to be considered to identify global variable related def-use relations  , and path reduction is not that helpful for global variables; 2 the source operands of the overflowed integer operations are from trusted sources or constants  , but the overflowed data in the two versions with different precisions did have different values at sinks; 3 IntEQ failed to recognized some benign IOs for hashing  , where the data flow paths involve recursive function calls or cross over different object files. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. There are two possibilities to model them in BMEcat  , though. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. BMEcat is a powerful XML standard for the exchange of electronic product catalogs between suppliers and purchasing companies in B2B settings. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. The task consists of transforming the price-relevant information of a BMEcat catalog to xCBL. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. BMEcat and OAGIS to the minimum models of cXML and RosettaNet is not possible. A set of completing  , typing information is added  , so that the number of tags becomes higher. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. The mapping of product classes and features is shown in Table 3. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. The type of the tax is set to TurnoverTax  , since all taxes in BMEcat are by definition turnover taxes. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. Making more difficult is that today mainly low-level languages like XSLT and interactive tools e.g. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Although the conversions completed without errors  , still a few issues could be detected in each dataset that we will cover subsequently. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , there are a number of requirements that differ from the traditional materialized view context. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. For example  , consider the following two queries: In general  , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. We divide information used for modeling user search intents into two categories – long-term history and short-term context. The pre-search context  , as we defined  , is the search context that is prior to a search task and could trigger the search; in-search context is the search context during a search task  , such as query reformulation and user clickthrough during a search session. We plan to expand this set of search tools by providing a " beam " search  , a greedy search  , a K-lookahead greedy search  , and variations of the subassembly-guided search. In our definition of a switching event  , navigational queries for search engine names e.g. We have conducted experiments including trending search detection and personalize trending search suggestion on a large-scale search log from a commercial image search engine. These search criteria will be transferred via the Web to a search script. The search for collision-free paths occurs in a search space. It also included a search box to allow users to search using keywords. A static search session is the search history of a real user in an interactive search system  , including the users' search queries  , click-through  , and other information. The search sessions were first tested as a re-finding search session  , next as an exploratory search session. Quick search consists of a search box with a drop down menu suggesting a keyword with information about its type like author when keying in search terms. The image search logs were collected in the first two weeks of Nov. 2012. If the search session failed to be classified as either re-finding or exploratory search  , it was classified as single search session. We envision search engines that can timely detect and efficiently propagate trending search content i.e. When a user comes to a search engine  , she formulates a query according to her search intent and submits it to the search engine. Obfuscate a user's true search intent to a search engine is very difficult: we need to first identify the search intent  , properly embellish it before submitting to the search engine  , such that the returned search results are still useful. The hierarchical search makes use of the Lucene Boolean operator to join: a UMLS concept search  , appropriate Topic type word search e.g. Similarly  , a control segment search is a search related to the category of the control advertisement. These advertisements appear in a dedicated area of the search results page  , each one in a particular fixed subarea  , or slot. The three search requests result in a search response that is a list of brief descriptions of zetoc records matching the search. We extracted " browse → search " patterns from all sessions in the user browsing behavior data. Sessions start with a search engine query followed by a click on a search engine result. The result of a search is a list of information resources. search /admin/../ Website's control panel that allows to publish  , edit or delete announcements. The Search Self-Efficacy Scale is a 14-item scale used to characterize search expertise. Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. We identify two families of queries. A search engine switching event is a pair of consecutive queries that are issued on different search engines within a single search session. Origin pages are the search results that start a search trail. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. correctness of a search N Mean Standard Deviation These results support our interpretation of unique words in a search as a measure of search effort. Our goal is to improve upon the search time of binary search without using a significant amount of additional space. Businesses consider sponsored links a reliable marketing and profit avenue  , and search engines certainly consider sponsored search a workable business model. Then a search mission is a sequence of consecutive searches  , such that a query of a search shares at least one non-stopword with any previous query within the search mission. Local search results: A set of localized search results extracted from Google's local search service 12 . 5.2 Structured search using search engines. The Dienst protocol provides two functions for querying a collection: Simple Search and Fielded Search. We simulate exploratory navigation by performing decentralized search using a greedy search strategy on the search pairs. A search model describes the string to search within the textual fragments. It provides a distributed  , multitenant-capable search engine with a HTTP web interface. A meta search system sends a user's query to the back-end search engines  , combines the results and presents an integrated result-list to the user. A single search interface is provided to multiple heterogenous back-end search engines. With such a mechanism in place  , in the case of the 2012 U. S. presidential elections Figure 1  , 30% of users' queries could be instantly served locally e.g. Third  , we want to extend the modeling scope from a search engine result page to a search session. Moreover  , some search engines such as Google or Live.com have started to mix dedicated news search results with the results displayed in the regular search pane i.e. Satakirjasto Sata is a traditional public library online catalog providing users with quick search  , advanced search and a browsing option. Search interrmxhary elicitation during the online search stage largely focused on search strategy and terms  , followed by the online relevance elicitation requesting users to judge the relevance of the output. We collect a set of 5 ,629 real user search sessions from a commercial search engine. image search  , belong to the first type  , and provide a text box to allow users to type several textual keywords to indicate the search goal. 'Organic search' is the classic search where users enter search terms and search engines return a list of relevant web pages. Search intent prediction is an important problem  , as it will largely improve search experience. 'Sponsored search' describes additional 'results' that are often shown beside the organic results. The user interface of the application simply consists of a text box and a keyword search can be performed pressing the " Search " button. The search engine then returns a ranked list of documents. GA is a robust search method requiring little information to search in a large search space. CSCs have very limited time to examine search result. They identified two ways to personalize a search through query augmentation and search result ranking. Traditional search engines  , such as Google  , do not perform any semantic integration but offer a basic keyword search service over a multitude of web data sources. The actual specification of a full-text search query for a particular product. The search method described formally in Figure   3 is to successively narrow the search interval until its size is a given fraction of the initial search region. Each participant was expected to carry out a search task on each one of Search Friend's interfaces systematically. The support for internal search was addressed by utilizing a domain specific vocabulary on different levels of the employed search mechanisms. The search interface included a search form to allow the use of the extracted information in search. These search tasks are often performed under stringent conditions esp. It is a variation of bidirectional search and sequential forward search SFS that has dominant direction on forward search. The search site speed was controlled by using either a commercial search site with a generally slow response rate SE slow  or a commercial search site with a generally fast response rate SE fast . When a user performs a search  , the search engine often displays advertisements alongside search results. We use a search query log of approximately 15 million distinct queries from Microsoft Live Search. All participants used the same search system which resembled a standard search engine. We also presuppose that the search proceeds in the following manner: Thus  , the search time is relatively longer than in a search from a keyword-based database. A search trail is represented by an ordered sequence of user actions. More recently  , MSN and Google Search 13 ,9 added location look-up capability that extracts location qualifiers from search query strings. For this we measure the click through percentage of search. We define a switch as an event of changing one search engine to another in order to continue the current search session. Search logs are usually organized in the form of search sessions. When applying a table search query to the popular search engines  , we observe that a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results will be returned. A basic search allows a search with simple keywords and then the matched results are returned in ranked order. Keyword search is a useful way to search a collection of unstructured documents  , but is not effective with structured sources. For this paper  , the focus of the meta-search engine is browser add-on search tools. Table 4displays these results. Given a user profile and a set of search keywords  , the search engine selects an ad advertisement  to display in the search result page. We collected 10 search results for each information problem using the Google search engine. Their main purpose is to give search engine users a comprehensive recommendation when they search using a specific query. Here the search engine was initially IBM's TSE search engine  , later replaced with IBM's GTR search engine  , and the database was DB2. Most commercial search portals such as Bing and Google provide access to a wide range of specialized search engines called verticals. Each search unit is controlled from a control computer which loads the queries into the search units. Yahoo Knowledge Graph is a knowledge base used by Yahoo to enhance its search engine's results with semantic-search information gathered from a wide variety of sources. In almost all of the work  , in-search context is essentially used as additional information for understanding search intent during a search task. It is also a practice of mass collaboration at a world-wide scale that allows users to vote for ranking of search results and improve search performance. And then we propose a probabilistic model based approach to explore the blended search problem. Some search engines try to improve the quality of search results by analysing the link structure of web resources. Their research is mainly based on analyzing logs when people use a search engine and a short survey. A search session within the same query is called a search session  , denoted by s. Clicks on sponsored ads and other web elements are not considered in one search session. job search or product search offered with a general-purpose search engine using a unified user interface. After conducting all four searches  , participants completed an exit questionnaire. When the user presses the search button in the side toolbar  , or presses " Control-S " on a keyboard  , the document goes into search mode. This is identical to Backward search except that it uses only one merged backward iterator  , just like Bidirectional search. In exploratory tasks users are often uncertain how to formulate search queries 8 either because they are unfamiliar with the search topic or they have no clear search goals in mind. These three categories of search represent three of the four qualitatively different search types encountered in WiSAR 14  , 28. When the user types characters in the search engine's search box  , the browser sends the user's input along with the cookie to the search engine. Recall that 4.17% of the total number of user sessions began with a citation search query  , and 1.85% started with a document search query. The search results appeared either below the search box  , or in a different tab depending on user's normal search preferences  , in the original search engine result format. An aggregate search engine is the same as any other instance of the search engine leaf node except that it handles all incoming search requests. a search with the word 'diagnosis' for cases with the 'diagnosis' type  , stemmed title search and stemmed keyword search using the preferred terms of the UMLS concepts from the Googlediagnosis . We sampled 500 such patterns from the " browse → search " sessions. Despite the two search sites coming from different brands  , the returned results were almost identical due to the nature of the search queries used see Procedure. In an advanced search it is possible to formulate a query by selecting several fields to search. Although the two search sites were different  , the returned search results were very similar due to the nature of queries used see Procedure. This will provide the user with a selectable level of computing effort  , so he/she can trade off computing time with level of assurance of the optimality of the plan. As we are investigating the impact richer search interfaces have  , a spectrum of search tasks covering different search task types and goals would ideally need to be used. Trails can contain multiple query iterations  , and must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , visits to search engine homepages  , or connected to a search result page via a hyperlink trail. In The global search tries to find a path on a d-C-Lres by using a graph search method  , as shown in When the serial local search fails in finding a local path between adjacent sub-goals in a SgSeq as shown in an alternative SgSeq found by the global search during the 2nd trial. Decentralized Search. Other search strategies can be specified as well. after completion of the search  , the subject was asked to complete a post-search questionnaire. Query rewriting Since the ultimate goal of users is to search relevant documents   , the users can search using formulae as well as other keywords. The underlying assumption is that several latent search factors exist in query logs  , each associated with a distinct topic transition rule  , and these search factors can be implicated by users' search behaviors. Every session began with a query to Google  , Yahoo! We have investigated user search behavior in a complex multisession search task  , with a search system that provides various types of input components. 58.6% online stage -with a mean of 16 presearch elicitation per search  , a mean of 23 or-dine elicitation per search  , and a mean of 39 total elicitation per search. In §2 we investigate the media studies research cycle. Different from existing interactive image search engines  , most of which only provides querybased or search result-based interaction  , MindFinder enables a bilateral query↔search result interactive search  , by considering the image database as a huge repository to help users express their intentions. They show that their model can predict search success effectively on their data and on a separate set of log data comprising search engine sessions. They utilized the users' search queries triggered by a page to learn a model for estimating the search intents. A second heuristic search strategy can be based on the TextRank graph. Figure 1presents a typical scenario where faceted search is useful with an expert search. Search sessions of the same searcher i.e. A search trail originates with the submission of a query to a search engine and contains all queries and post-query navigation trails 27. To preserve the quality of results  , a distributed search engine must generate the same results as a centralized implementation. Unlike lookup search  , where a discrete set of results achieves a welldefined objective  , exploratory search can involve unfamiliar subject areas and uncertainty regarding search goals. The emergence of multi-tasking behavior within a single search session makes it particularly complex to use user information from search sessions to personalize the user's search activity. For each topic  , the subjects filled in a pre-search questionnaire to indicate their familiarity with the search topic  , conducted a time bounded search for resource pages related to that topic  , then filled in a post-search questionnaire that collected their opinion of the search experience and the perceived task completeness. Interface features can facilitate search actions that help in completing a search task. sequences of actions a user performs with the search engine e.g. Each peer performed a search every 1–2 minutes. Google offers a course 1 on improving search efficiency. Compute a non-zero vector p k called the search direction. Groupization to improve search. Some possible fields in a journal search request may be as in  'Identifier' Response. 28  proposed a personalized search framework to utilize folksonomy for personalized search. The first search is over the corpus of Web pages crawled by the search engine. 12 See http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/local.html  , last re- 4. For confident corrections  , the search engine can search the corrected query directly. The first row indicates missing search types which default to a document search. sometimes a user prefers one search engine to another for some types of search tasks. Here we explore the opposite however  , optimality of interfaces given search behavior. Each time a search is performed   , the Search Module retrieves URIs of instances in the search results and stores them into a cache memory. Taken together  , these results indicate that users tend to explicitly change the default search type citations search and prefer to run a document type search. For each search task  , participants were shown the topic  , completed a pre-search questionnaire  , conducted their search and then completed a post-search questionnaire. Contextual search refers to a search metaphor that is based on contextual search queries. He was most recently Founder and CEO of Powerset  , a semantic search startup Microsoft acquired in 2008. is currently Partner  , Search Strategist for Bing  , Microsoft's new search engine. A search engine for semi-structured graph data providing keyword and structural search using NEXI-like expressions. This phase is called " search results narrowing " . A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. ODP advanced search offers a rudimentary " personalized search " feature by restricting the search to the entries of just one of the 16 main categories. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. People search is one of the most popular types of online search. one search episode is unrelated to any subsequent search episodes. However  , the combined search yields a similar final behavior to keyword-based search. This view is a demonstration of relational search 8  , where the idea is not to search for objects but associative relation chains between objects. In a traditional search scenario  , a Web user submits a query describing his/her information need and a search engine returns a list of presumably relevant pages. A search trail always begins with a query and ends when the information seeking activity stops. Search sessions contain unique user identifier and a sequence of records for search actions  , such as queries  , result clicks and search engine switching actions   , which were detected by a browser toolbar or by clicks on a link to open another search engine from the search engine results page. Using the same set of real user queries  , these search modes included: 1 a global search of the directory from the root node  , 2 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using global idfs  , and 3 a localized search of the relevant sub-directories using the appropriate dynamically-calculated local idfs. Experience The main effect of the searchexperience attribute 1 if search  , 0 if experience shows a higher conversion rate for search products online at 0.003207. Based on the model  , a semantic search service is implemented and evaluated. There is a task identifier 'ki' for known-item search  , and 'ex' for expert search  , no identifier for discussion search  , as these were the first runs submitted. This instrument contains 14-items describing different search-related activities. There are several rounds of user interactions in a search session. Search queries are then accelerated by using that structure. A business model for search engines in sponsored search has been discussed by B. Jansen in 17. Advertisers submit creatives and bid on keywords or search queries. The second search engine http://www.flickr.com/search is a regular keyword search. Each keyword search has a unique search ID. work on search intent prediction – predicting what a user is going to search even before the search task starts. 16 showed that a distributed search can outperform a centralized search under certain conditions. As a search strategy  , A* search enriched by ballooning has been proposed. 4shows an example of a search for a particular kind of brooch using Boolean full-text search operators. Such a paradigm is common in search literature. Next  , we examine whether Google Search personalizes results based on the search results that a user has clicked on. In contrast  , the search-dominant model captures the case when users' browsing patterns are completely influenced by search engines. As expected  , the ASR and Search components perform speech recognition and search tasks. After a user inputs " Kyoto " as the keyword for search  , Google returns the initial image search results. Federated text search provides a unified search interface for multiple search engines of distributed text information sources. Constructing an accurate domain-specific search engine is a hard problem. The structural framework of simulated need situa- tions 6 were used to present search tasks. Combinatorial block designs have been employed as a method for substituting search keys. The repository structure includes a search engine  , which is used to search the contents of the repository. How many is counted by the docCount rela- tionship  , which relates a search set to a number  , an atomic concept below Number. When a user submits a query to a search engine through a Web browser  , the search engine returns search results corresponding to the query. Definition: A labeled dataset is a collection of search goals associated with success labels. It is hoped that the combination of these features will allow the user to accomplish a search task more easily and also to leverage the serendipity involved in their search. 5shows the search result of a product search with Preference SQL via a mobile WAP phone. We performed a temporal search by submitting a temporal query to the news archive search engine http://www.newslibrary.com. Meta-search engine allows a user to submit a query to several different search engines for searching all at once. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The Document search task is to search for messages regarding to a topic. Most of the techniques to perform text search fall into two categories. – Search engine : Apache Lucene is a free  , full-text search engine library. Presumably  , had it known the search context or search workflow  , it could have provided more useful and focused information. Search Pad is automatically triggered at query time when a search mission is identified. A randomly chosen anonymous set of people doing search on the W3C website are presented with the W3C Semantic Search instead of the regular search results. At present  , we provide two search modes: quick search  , which takes free text queries  , and advanced search  , which takes more complex predicates. Search engines are widely used tool for querying unstructured data  , but there is a growing interest in incorporating structured information behind the "simple" search interface. Connections is composed of two main parts: context building and search. The terms identified are then ANDed to the previous search query to narrow the search. Most of these present a feed search service in conjunction with blog post searching and some are closely integrated with feed reading services. Another search paradigm for the LOD is faceted search/browsing systems  , which provide facets categories for interactive search and browsing 4 . All queries within a search session were assigned the same classification. search facility  , a library search engine or a newswire retrieval system. For the third type  , a painted sketch is drawn to represent the shapes of objects in the desired images  , for example  , an online similar image search engine  , similar image search 2   , presents such a technique. Then an agent will search through all available journals and conferences i.e. extending keyword search with a creation or update date of documents. For example  , Croft and Harper 1979 showed that a cluster search can retrieve relevant documents in many cases when a search based on a probabilistic model fails. A search session is a sequence of user activities that begin with a query  , includes subsequent queries and URL visits  , and ends with a period of inactivity. We now compare SI-Backward search with the MI- Backward search on a larger workload of 200 queries consisting of 2-7 keywords. For example  , when students conducted a search  , the system log included information about the time when the search is conducted  , the search terms used  , the search hits found  , and the collection that was searched. Our search guide tool displays the search trails from three users who completed the same task. The subweb definition corresponding to the search topic is used to rerank the search results obtained from a search engine. Search sessions comprised queries  , clicks on search results  , and pages visited during navigation once users left the search engine.  A federated search function was added to allow users search for appropriate objects in more LORs like Merlot  , SMETE and EdNa. By examining the queries with type document search we found that the average length of a query is 3.85 terms. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In addition to the query-term most collections permit the specification of search concepts to limit the search to a certain concept. In quick search  , users key in search terms in a textbox  , whereas in advanced search they may limit the search also by the type of literature fiction – non-fiction  , author  , title  , keywords  , or other bibliographic information. Standard text search features are also available  , such as scoring and ranking of search results as well as thesaurus-based synonym search. After reading the returned search results  , the searcher might realize his inappropriate choices  , correct them  , and redo the search. For finding meta-index entries that contain terms of interest to the user  , the Search Meta-Index page provides a search engine that allows users to drill down on search results through three views. After every search iteration  , we decide the actions for the search engine agent. We distributed GOV2 across four leaf search engines and used an aggregate engine to combine search results. Instead of displaying the photographs on the map  , Flickr lists them sequentially across multiple search results pages see Fig. This was so we could examine the effects across different search tasks. Unlike classical search methods  , personalised search systems use personal data about a user to tailor search results to the specific user. On the one hand  , such pattern restriction is not unique in entity search. Since most of the resources search engines generally search local content  , we use this API for each test query along with the search site option. A step in the direction of understanding the search context is the new " Yahoo Mindset " experimental search service 10 . When a category is selected from the category search view  , the concept search is restricted to the concepts belonging to the selected category. The results were substantially better than either search engine provided no " search engine " performed really poorly. Search sessions ended after a period of user inactivity exceeding 30 minutes. Since they do not intervene in the workings of the search engine  , they can be applied to any search engine. Some of the most important features of the system include:  Three levels of search Users can select from basic search  , advanced search  , or expert search mode. spelling corrections  , related searches  , etc. A more direct indicator of user interest is search terms entered into search engines or the search fields of other websites . For example  , a UI search pattern is composed of a text field for entering search criteria  , a submit button for triggering the search functionality  , and a table for displaying the search results. Ultimately  , interaction with search interface features can transform and facilitate search actions that enable search tasks to be addressed. The main idea is to keep the same machinery which has made syntactic search so successful  , but to modify it so that  , whenever possible  , syntactic search is substituted by semantic search  , thus improving the system performance. Our work spans several areas of modeling searcher behavior  , including analyzing search log to understand variances in user behavior  , evaluating search engine performance  , conducting online study using crowd-sourcing approach  , and predicting search success and frustration. Aggregated search can be compared to federated search 18 also known as distributed information retrieval  , which deals with merging result rankings from different search engines into one single ranking list. i demographics and expertise ii search tasks iii search functionality and iv open ended questions on search system requirements. While Broder treated search intents as relatively short-term activities 10  , Marchionini's classification included long-term search activities such as learn and investigate  , and he argued that exploratory searches were searches pertinent to the learn and investigate search activi- ties. In comparison  , our work focuses specifically on task-oriented search  , and ignores other types of search such as browsing different attributes of an object  , which allows us to take the advantage of existing procedural knowledge to more reliably support search tasks when compared to the use of general search logs. To help image search  , query formulation is required not only to be convenient and effective to indicate the search goal clearly  , but also to be easily interpreted and exploited for the image search engine. Typically sponsored search results resemble search result snippets in that they have a title  , and a small amount of additional text  , as in Figure 1. The simple search resembles a Google-type search  , and is designed to provide an easy entry into the service. For the CI4OOI collection Figure 5b the bottom-up search does significantly better than the serial search at the low E end of performance. There was a strong positive correlation between the termconsistency and the proportion of descriptors among search terms rs = 0.598; p = 0.0009. The search procedure performs beam search using classification accuracy of the N k as a heuristic function . There exists rich research on search in social media community   , such as friend suggestion user search  , image tagging tag search and personalized image search image search. Each subtask consists of a frequent itemset and a combine set  , and the associated search space is traversed in depth-first order using a back-tracking search. Different from traditional text search whose document length is in a wide range  , a tweet contains at most 140 characters. SECC provides a socialized search function by implementing a userfriendly online chat interface for users who share similar search queries. Because a vertical selection system and its target verticals are operated by a common entity e.g. The search node is dis-played as a textbox for full text search. We assume a " pay-per-click " pricing model  , in which the advertiser pays a fee to the search provider whenever a user clicks on an advertisement. We plot the distribution of search ranking among sites in Figure 3c. This system provides a dynamic and automated faceted search interface for users to browse the articles that are the result of a keyword search query. When starting a search  , readers could select either a quick search  , an advanced search or a recommendation page as their point of departure. Users enter substantially fewer queries during a search session when they are more familiar with a topic. The searching contains -a subject oriented browsing -a search for authors  , titles and other relevant bibliographic information -a subject oriented search in different information resources. We can estimate a grouping's search accuracy through simulation using training data. Condition 2 Search time ratio: The time of search within each consequent search disc is greater than the time of search within the previous search disc. To generate these search results  , the queries were submitted and logged through our proxy server  , which then retrieved and logged the search engine responses and displayed them to the user in the original format. Search tasks formed reflect the following typical search tactics in fiction searching: known author/title search  , topical search  , open-ended browsing  , search by analogy and searching without conducting a query. We emphasize that a pre-search context  , by definition  , is just prior to the search but does not necessarily trigger it. After each search task  , our participants were asked to complete a questionnaire eliciting their perceptions on how useful  , helpful and important the search features were during the search task. What this means is that though we could not find a relationship between specific search features and specific search tasks  , there was an increase in the number of search support features used as the search task became more complex and exploratory. In a related result  , Croft 1980 showed that a certain type of cluster search can be more effective than a conventional search when the user wants high-precision results. A crucial aspect of faceted search is the design of a user interface  , which offers these capabilities in an intuitive way. However  , these approaches usually consider each user's search history as a whole  , without analysing it into its inherent search behaviors. The search engine then returns an initial list of documents obtained using the classical keyword based search method. Clearly  , sponsored search is useful for search engines since it is a source of revenue for them. In the case of a physician  , the search is performed on technical article collections  , which include medical research publications. By subdividing the costs for each alternative into history and future costs  , A* search is able to compare the possibly unfinished plans with each other.   , along with predictive text and auto-complete capabilities. Moreover  , MindFinder also enables users to tag during the interactive search  , which makes it possible to bridge the semantic gap. By contrast with the RI and CSTR digital libraries  , CSBIB documents are primarily bibliographic records  , rather than full text documents. For the NSDL Science Literacy Maps  , search was defined as any instance of exploration within a map before a node was clicked to view relevant results. Several meta-search engines exist e.g. 6 A similar threshold has been used to demarcate search sessions in previous work on search engine switching 16 and in related studies of user search behavior 20 ,26. We have found that the context-based search effectively ranks query outputs  , controls topic diffusion  , and reduces output sizes 1  , 2. A small number of " search " operations were formulated using more than one search terms combined by Boolean operators 18.49% of which a tiny portion 0.1% were also formulated reusing previously issued result sets. Their system is a type of meta-search engine and requires users to explicitly select a community before search activities are conducted. The server sub-session parse the query string into a script consisting of a set of SQL statements and content-based search operators. An example of a search criteria and the search polices are as follows by a consumer to the trading system: A detailed list of consumer search and match preferences is given in 7. The 'identifier' request results in a single  , full zetoc record. Search Concept is not fully modelled here  , in addition to Term and Author  , it has conjunctions  , dis- junctions  , and negations as subcortcepts. Single query searches have a " look-up " character. Searches use token adjacency indexes to find sequences of tokens a phrase search instead of just a word search. It is a public web statistics  , based on Google Search  , that shows how often a particular search term is entered relative to the total search-volume. Both start with a zero recall search " helicopter volitation spare parts cheap " . Search by location: A search by location identifies a place and for that place all available time periods events for that location. On the contrary a negative search model will produce a subset of answers. We prepare the experimental data from a search log of a major commercial search engine. The entire search log is collected and stored by a single entity  , such as a search engine company. After a period of usage  , the server side will accumulate a collection of clickthrough data  , which records the search history of Web users. A mission is terminated when the query of a new search does not share any words with the previous ones. The two essential parts are summarized in Figure 3. To test the effectiveness of browse plus search functionality   , we designed and conducted a series of experiments on three search modes. Others discuss how different forms of context and search activity may be used to cast search behavior as a prediction problem 5  represented search context within a session by modeling the sequence of user queries and clicks. A keyword query can be submitted to a search engine through many applications communicating with the search engine. In doing a search  , a user accomplishes a variety of specific tasks: defining the topic of the search  , selecting appropriate search vocabulary  , issuing commands or selecting menu choices  , viewing retrieved information and making judgments about its relevance or usefulness. Trails must contain pages that are either: search result pages  , search engine homepages  , or pages connected to a search result page via a sequence of clicked hyperlinks. A search within this structure is faster than a naive search as long as the number of examined nodes is bounded using a fast approximate search procedure. In this scenario  , teleportation is also generally performed via visits to a search engine and a user is more likely to " teleport " to a related or similar page instead of a random page in a search session. The aforementioned three types of image search schemes all suffer from a limitation that it is incapable of search images with spatial requirements of desired objects. Each UI screen or webpage implements several UI design patterns. Immediately below the text search box  , is a search history pull down menu  , which gives a list of the text queries previously executed by the user. The cooccurrence of system acceptable search words produces an overlapping or part identity of the extensions of these search words. For both tasks  , we use browsing-search pairs to evaluate . Because most search engines only index a certain portion of each website  , the recall rate of these searches is very low  , and sometimes even no documents are returned. Alternatively  , we also propose a method that optimizes the naive search when the feature descriptors are normalized. The work is motivated jointly by a need to have search logs available to researchers outside of large search companies and a need to instill trust in the users that provide search data. We formulate the search for a grasp as a sensor-space search over the object surface  , rather than a search through the robot configuration space or its coordinate system. This tool enables interactive narrowing of search result sets. Some of the search engines such as AltaVista 12  allow limiting the search to a specific category. When possible  , the local proxy is equipped with a large local store which the client can locally search. There are also approaches that cluster search results 1 which can help users dive into a topic. Given a document corpus  , a traditional search query would " simply " return all documents relevant to the search terms. The emergence of the web as the world's dominant information environment has created a surge of interest in search  , and consequently important advances in search technology. A post-search questionnaire was filled out after the search  , and an exit interview after the experiment was conducted. In general  , the most frequently chosen option was subject search  , followed by keyword search using index term one word only. Several recent studies have suggested that using a better search system may not always lead to improvements in search outcomes. Therefore  , the learned estimator is not limited to a specific search engine or a search method. As defined by prior research  , selective search has several non-deterministic steps. The goal of aggregated search is to combine results from multiple search engines in a single presentation. Here a search for information retrieval experts can be refined to only show experts located in Glasgow  , with further refinement possible. Random search techniques  , on the other hand  , are probabilistically complete but may take a long time to find a solution 12 . We may implement more advanced search capabilities in the future – for example  , limiting a search to a particular index  , such as sample records or setDescriptions. The search box remains unchanged from other systems at this point. These are then returned as a list of resources that best matches the users' queries. It incorporates keyword search as well as search for concepts and displays possible MWE expansions. In this paper we propose a novel approach called Concept Search C-Search in short which extends syntactic search with semantics. F ocus is an ambiguous search term on YouTube and does not commonly relate to the artist Focus. However  , the search term M etallica returns many unrelated results 7 . Modern search engines log a large number of user behavioral signals to improve and evaluate their effectiveness. ReadUp provides a search mechanism modelled on the incremental text search mode of GNU Emacs 19. To construct a valid execution for debugging  , search-based techniques usually use the best-effort exhaustive state space search. Figure 2illustrates how the user reranks search results in the publication search result according to the number of citing counts. However  , because of using a single iterator as above  , Bidirectional search does not generate multiple trees with the same root ,unlike Backward search. Twenty links were the result of a search for ethnomathematics with the National Science Digital Library search engine  , and twenty were the results of a search with Google. These criteria are: The middle part of the screen displays the search result. In a Recursive search  , on the other hand  , clients delegate control to other servers-this is illustrated in Fig- ure 4. This paper presents a novel session search framework  , winwin search  , that uses a dual-agent stochastic game to model the interactions between user and search engine. The data was provided via a widely available mobile search and navigation application installed on the iPhone and Android platforms. This definition reflects the hidden nature of triggering relations between pre-search context and searches in a realworld setting. The free search was performed by search experts only librarians and professors. A search concept was defined as a unit of information that represents an elementary class e.g. This user interface can be extended to implement more elaborate search commands. A search set is the set of document records found at evaluation of a search expression. However for narrower tasks  , a conventional tabbed search interface would appear to be better. After subjects completed the initial query evaluation  , they were directed to a search engine results page SERP containing a list of ten search results. The product of a search task can be factual or intellectual and the goal of a search task can be either specific or amorphous. Pincer- Search 4 uses a bottom-up search along with top-down pruning. 3  , we show how a combination of text-search followed by visual-search achieves this goal. Knowledge of a particular user's interests and search context has been used to improve search. The existing Cranfield style evaluation 11 is less appropriate in local search. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . as in Table 1  , represent a broader  , less structured category of search behavior. The cost function used during this search uses the following factors: 1. Hence  , each expert's pseudo-document is indexed by a search engine for efficient querying and access. It requires formulation of the search in the space of relational database queries. A depthfirst search strategy has two major advantages. For each static search session  , whole-session level relevance judgments are provided in the datasets: annotators judged documents regarding whether or not they are relevant to the topic or task underlying the search session instead of an individual query. Question 4 presented a mimic search box and asked the subject to input an appropriate query into the search box to find documents relevant to the search intent presented in Question 3. The CSTR has two search options: the simple search a ranked search  , and the advanced search offering a choice between ranked or Boolean  , stemming on/off  , specifying proximity of search terms within the documents  , etc. C-Search can be positioned anywhere in the semantic continuum with syntactic search being its base case  , and semantic search being the optimal solution  , at the moment beyond the available technology. The search space is all possible poses within The " center-of-mass " search designated in this paper as C similarly divides the search space into pose cells  , but picks a random pose within each pose cell and uses those random poses to compute a set of match scores that are distributed throughout the search space. For the brand related searches  , we identified the most salient brand associated with each advertisement and define a brand search either target or control as a search that includes the brand name. Finally  , there is growing concern about the fact that the world is dependent on a few quasi-monopolistic search engines. However  , local search may also return other entity types including sights and " points-of-interest " . 1 Sponsored search refers to the practice of displaying ads alongside search results whenever a user issues a query. some users ask navigational query in the current search engine to open a new one. To perform a search  , a keyword query is often submitted to a search engine and the latter returns the documents most relevant to the query. Caching search results enables a search solution to reduce costs by reusing the search effort. When applying a table search query  , end-users will receive a flood of unwanted and sometimes unsolicited results from them. From there  , Safe Browsing shows a browser interstitial and emails WHOIS admins  , while both Safe Browsing and Search Quality flag URLs in Google Search with a warning message . For instance  , in federated search the same query is issued on multiple search engines and the results merged using a utility function 35. Hummingbird SearchServer 1 is a toolkit for developing enterprise search and retrieval applications. Therefore  , we used a distributed search framework in order to simulate a single search index. After a search was done  , the documents found were labeled with the tag of the corresponding search used. To answer this question  , we compare users' search behavior in the initial query of a session with that in subsequent query reformulations. When a user starts a search task  , the search engine receives the input queries and return search results by HTTP request. The engine returns a search result list. Search trails are represented as temporally-ordered URL sequences. Identifying user intent 1 behind search queries plays a crucial role in providing a better search experience 16  , 29  , 28. Knowledge of user search patterns on a search system can be used to improve search performance. Since our ranking models use context features  , we extract the search sessions with more than one query. Each search record contains the user query  , a transaction time stamp  , a session identifier and URLs visited by the user. However  , this comes at the cost of more expensive memory accesses. Egomath is a text-based math search engine on Wikipedia. We do this in an automatic way by detecting named entities that can represent temporal queries for performing temporal search experiments. After completing queries  , participants reported their familiarity with each search topic on a 5-point Likert scale. Development of a universal chemical search engine  , that could search by both text and substructures  , is a challenging problem.  A Fact Base which stores the intermediate search results and information needed to select the next search strategy. It utilizes a heuristic to focus the search towards the most promising areas of the search space. From the desktop to the internet  , through enterprise intranets  , the search " giants " are engaged in a fight for control of the search infrastructure. However the bottom-up search does perform at least as well as the serial search  , which is a very good result for a clustered search. This creates a noisy behavioral signal  , and importantly  , a challenge for analyzing search behavior  , especially long-term behavior that has utility in many applications  , such as search personalization 37. Correspondingly  , a looser classification threshold increases search efficiency with the possibility of hurting search accuracy. In this paper  , we propose a novel image search system  , which presents a novel interface to enable users to intuitively indicate the search goal by formulating the query in a visual manner  , i.e. More formally  , if S is a random variable representing a search  , and acceptables is an indicator function denoting whether a particular search s has an acceptable result  , we define: A reliable search method would achieve an acceptable search most of the time. A site owner or search engine might collect data similar to the example in Figure 1. movie search. Search engines that provide facilities to search pictures e.g. It uses Indri as the back-end search engine. We build the search system on top of a proprietary platform for vertical search developed in Yahoo!. Add items to the search engine indices. Cost of Search: What does an average search query cost and what does a response contain ? Precision evaluates a search system based on how relevant the documents highly ranked by the search system are to the query. It provides a basic search grammar  , which can be used for searching  , but a server could also support other grammars as the mechanism is extensible. The keyword given by the user can be a query for integrated search to provide a mixed search result of Web and TV programs. In order to straighten the optimization  , the proposed A' search strategy is enhanced by the subsequently described ballooning com- ponent. Since KOALA users could not limit their search on video cassettes nor multilingual versions  , they had to check each search result manually see Fig. The search results are listed below the search field and are dynamically visualized on the map. A personalized hybrid search implementing a hotel search service as use case is presented in 24. The natural complement  , still under the user-centric view  , are unfamiliar places. For example  , one searcher submitted a query " george boots " and clicked on a Google's Product Search result . Such scenarios are not uncommon in real life  , exemplified by social search  , medical search  , legal search  , market research  , and literature review. After the search sessions were identified  , each session was classified as a re-finding session  , exploratory search session or single query session. Federated search has been a hot research topic for a decade. None of the participants looked through more than a couple of search result pages. Then the initial query is divided into several queries for different search focus. The context information of a search activation usually includes: 1. The terms displayed on the screen have two links: a link to search for associable terms and a link to search for associable text. Some said they expected the search engine to narrow the search results. These paths are then synthesized using a global search technique in the second phase. The earlier we detect the impossibility  , the more search efforts can be saved. A number of universities are also recording lectures and seminars  , with the aim of providing online access and search capabilities. Such a search-driven approach achieves extensibility by exploring evaluators rather than static pairwise rules. In that way  , a search system will retrieve documents according to both text and temporal criteria  , e.g. As seen in the table  , there is a significant interest in searching for author names with 37% of the search requests targeting the authors index. After the search button is clicked  , search results are displayed in the results panel in a ranked list according to relevance. One potential reason for shortcomings of ontological search is that MeSH was used as a primary hierarchy for hyponym extraction . This is regarded as a baseline in this study since current search engines show this source alone in search results. The model of score distributions was used to combine the results from different search engines to produce a meta-search engine. Figure 2shows a snipping of the search result from Bing Search page for query " Saving Private Ryan "   , a famous movie. The difference to other engines is mainly in the search result representation . However  , in order to find a paper with a search engine the researcher has to know or guess appropriate search keywords. This search engine recommender SER utilizes that the HTTP referrer information typically contains the search terms keywords of the user KMT00. The prototype search interface allows the user to specify query terms such as product names  , and passes them to a search engine selected by the user. Proposed optimization techniques are loop short-circuiting  , heuristic best-place search position and spiral search. In addition  , a global search technique is also supported. Training users on how to construct queries can improve search behaviour 26. In a classic search engine  , the users enter their search terms and then request the system to search for matching results. This information can be considered as a user profile.  A new characterization of search queries to distinguish between F-search in " familiar " places versus U-search in " unfamiliar " locations  , defined on a per-user basis. The user then browses the returned documents and clicks some of them. On each of these pages  , each of the regular search results and links in the data augmenting the search is sent through a redirector which records the search query  , the link and which section of the page the link was on. mobile search offers three distinctive mobile search application platforms: a widget-based Yahoo! It runs alongside the search engine.  Sort By allows users to change the ordering of the displayed search results. This ID is used to identify the result of the classification. Following is a list of the keywords and keyphrases to be used in the mechanized search. 25 studied a particular case in session search where the search topics are intrinsically diversified. The n-gram proximity search generates a list of named entities as answer candidates. This component uses a set of search tecbniques to find collision-free paths in the search space. It uses estimates of the distance to the goal to search efficiently . Oracle provides a rich full-text search API that can be used to build information retrieval applications. Search that was launched in July 2009 and precisely addresses this issue. Product Search and Bing Shopping. In order to tackle graph containment search  , a new methodology is needed. Traiectorv danner. The assumption basically says that previous search results decide query change. Perform a range search on the B+-tree to find Suppose the time search interval is IS = ta  , ta. Selecting a good example image that exactly accords with the search intention does not improve the search results significantly. Our study is also related to a large body of previous work on search personalization. Enhanced semantic desktop search provides a search service similar to its web sibling. have answered search requests based on keyword queries for a long time. Search Design. Comparing to the unmediated search approaches  , the mediated search has a higher success rate 14. Data which tracked the 'time to click' for each page element showed that while the mean time to click on the search box was 25.8 seconds  , the mode was only 1 second  , suggesting that many users clicked straight into the search box once the front page had been loaded. To make sure that all participants see the same SERP in each search task  , we provided a fixed initial query and its corresponding first result page from a popular commercial search engine the same one which provides search logs for each task. This further substantiates the finding that search features support as well as impede information seeking 1. While the systems mentioned above have made a number of advances in relation to image search  , there are a number of important differences that make video search much more difficult than image search. We also found a significant difference between the number of queries and documents selected across the different search task queries: differences in how these system features were used amongst our participants across the search tasks. Consider Figure 1a  , which depicts a sample search submitted to a major search engine. It worked opposite the various databases during performance of the search. This is essentially a branch-and-bound method. We proposed a content hole search for community-type content. A personalized search is currently missing that takes the interests of a user into account. In response to each query  , the engine returns a search results page. World Explorer helps users to search for a location and displays a tag cloud over that location. Search trails originate with a directed search i.e. We seek to promote supported search engine switching operations where users are encouraged to temporarily switch to a different search engine for a query on which it can provide better results than their default search engine. If only one search term was responsible for the retrieval of the relevant document  , that term was assigned a retrieval weighting of 1; but  , if more than one search term was responsible for the retrieval of a document  , each search term was assigned a proportional retrieval weighting. Figure 1 shows a truncated example page of Google Search results for the query " coughs. " A site entry page may have multiple equivalent URLs. Without such a model  , a search for Hodgkin lymphoma indicating findings is only possible through a search for specific symptoms as e.g. Candidate in a debate with other candidates. Search UK as a Federated Search enabler. Our experiment is designed around a real user search clickthrough log collected from a large scale search engine. A grid search defines a grid over the parameter space. A total of twentyfive groups participated in the enterprise track. lymph node enlargement   , feeling powerless etc. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. The most concept-consistent searchers behaved like Fidel's 1984Fidel's    , 1990 conceptualist searchers and usually selected a search strategy where they planned to start their search with fewer search concepts than other searchers. To illustrate how a missing category can affect search quality  , consider a category Water Park  , which is currently missing in a local search engine's taxonomy. Search engines can update their index in batch mode  , incremental mode  , or real-time mode  , according to the freshness requirements for the search results. These results suggest that certain aspects of the search interface can impact search behavior and also provide a theoretical explanation for this behavior. Their strategies focus on: creating a hierarchical taxonomy using a tree to find representations of generic intents from user queries 15  , examining bias between users' search intent and the query generated in each search session 11  , or investigating query intent when users search for cognitive characteristics in documents 12 . Any search session that cannot be categorized as either a re-finding or an exploratory search session is defined as a single query search for the purpose of this study. For this we encode a zero-recall search to alphabet Z and non-zero recall search to alphabet S. Detail page view obtained by click on a search result is converted to V whereas purchases are encoded to P . The search results are saved in a cluster map from document ids to sets of cluster names using the search terms as cluster names. The second interface displayed search results in a similar fashion to the baseline  , and provided QE terms Fig 2aon the left-hand pane  , and finally our full interface presents the search results  , and multiple representations of QE terms Fig. This interface allows users to capture a screenshot of any interface  , enter some query keywords  , and submit the resulting multimodal query to the search engine  , and display the search result in a Web browser. But even without considering resource constraints  , quite all the reported systems use a search engine at one step or another. Our methods also imply a natural way to compare the performance of various search engines. The basic search technique is a form of heuristic search with the state of the search recorded in a task agenda. Hence other search mechanisms like random search and exhaustive search would take inordinate time 20. By using our compression scheme for the whole text  , direct search can be done over each block improving the search time by a factor of 8. Subjects in Group A took extra time to set up their search target before actually beginning the search. Similarly  , for personal data search systems  , such as desktop search or personal email search  , often there is only a single user resulting in very small query logs. A strong recovery is defined as user doing a search with non-zero recall on which she clicks on at least one result item after the zero recall search is done. By comparing the retrieved documents  , the user can easily evaluate the performance of different search engines. We use it as a baseline to compare the usefulness of the pre-search context and user search history. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. IR systems need to engage users in a diafogue and begin modeling the user -on the topics of search terms and strategies  , domain knowledge  , information-seeking and searching knowledge -before a single search term is entered -as well as throughout the search interaction. If a search engine could be notified that a searcher is or is not interested in search advertising for their current task  , the next results returned could be more accurately targeted towards this user. In this paper  , we propose a system called RerankEverything  , which enables users to rerank search results in any search service. If the interaction starts on the conventional search system e.g. We have benchmarked Preference SQL The search scenario of the search engine is as follows: In a pre-selection a set of hard criteria has to be filled into the search mask. After they had completed all the search tasks  , a post-hoc interview was conducted to elicit the users' disposition towards the different methods of IQE  , and their general search experience. In some cases a topic could be either a known item or a general search depending on whether the submitting group indicated the results when submitting the topic. To start a search in Visual MeSH  , the user can select to lookup concepts from either MetaThesaurus or MEDLINE. After issuing the search interface/engine with a query  , the component provides SimIIR with access to the SERP -a ranked list of snippets and associated documents. The search latency was controlled by using a clientside script that adjusted search latency by a desired amount of delay. Taking everything into consideration   , we decided to offer self-learning search as-a-service  , a middleware layer sitting between the e-commerce site and the client's existing search infrastructure. The purpose of this search procedure is to locate points on the object's surface which are suitable places to position the robot's fingers . The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Given the obvious constraints  , a trade-off had to be made between getting a broad representative sample of search tasks and what was feasible. We assume a user's previous search queries and the corresponding clicked documents are good proxies of a user's search interests. In the post-task interviews our participants identified using the search features based on the attributes of the search task they were undertaking  , or as a result of their search habits  , and in some cases as a fallback mechanism when the search box and search results failed to help them find relevant information. Based on the search results  , Recall provided a graph showing changes in the frequency of the search keyword over time. Using this setup we evaluate PocketTrend when active or passive updates are used to push trending search content to end users. A third belief is that the freshness level considerably influences search Money paid to search engine Others ranking. Google directory offers a related feature  , by offering to restrict search to a specific category or subcategory. To perform this experiment  , we use a standard  , state-of-the-art search engine  , in this case the Terrier search engine 4   , to create highly simple search engines   , i.e. Therefore  , it may also be problematic to evaluate a system purely by whether or not it can improve search performance of a query in a search session and the magnitude of the improvement. The larger threshold on states generated within each local weighted A* search allows for the search to search longer before a state is deemed as an AVOID state. Page views included query submission  , search result clicks  , navigation beyond the search results page originating from clicks on links in a search result  , and clicks on other search engine features e.g. Actually  , the fact of switching can be unambiguously detected only in a small part of the search sessions performed by users who installed the browser or the special browser toolbar plugin developed by a search engine 10. Another complex search task is that a breaking news search of Nobel Prize winner is likely to evolve to an exploratory search task of studying a certain scientific domain. As a remark  , we contrast our usage of patterns in entity search with its counterparts in document search e.g  , current search engines . The notion of identity representation in search is quite simple; the issue can be summed by the question " What does a search engine say about an individual  , when that individual is researched in a search engine by another individual ? " A complete example of all four combinations can be viewed below: Description: What is depression ? These events would reveal that the user had examined the search results  , but a user examining a search result would not necessarily emit a corresponding hover or scroll event. A user with zero-recall search in her search trail has a purchase rate which is 0.64 times the purchase rate of user who did not Table 5describes this factor for various user segments. For a keyword-based search  , at search time  , a contexts of interest are selected  , and only papers in the selected contexts are involved in the search  , and b search results are ranked separately within contexts. We consider a meta-search framework where a broker search system forwards the query to component search systems that may include general purpose search engines as well as the APIs of Web 2.0 platforms  , like YouTube or Twitter. Consequently  , if a search by keywords is performed   , the same search using the title or the author will not return new results. In order to discover and query objects in the digital repository through the Tufts Digital Library generic search application was developed that provides two initial levels of searching capabilities: a "basic search"  , and an "advanced search." A significant percentage of the search engines return result pages with multiple dynamic sections. Separate title  , subject  , and author search interfaces or advanced syntax may be provided to limit search to such bibliographic fields  , and is often utilized by the expert user whom desires fine-grained control of their search 2. Iterative search is fundamental to medical search because of medical problems' inherent fuzziness  , which often makes it difficult even for medical professionals to distinguish between right and wrong choices. postulated for including effort in modeling interactive information search; for example  , using cost of search actions to explain some aspects of search behavior 1  , or using search effort to explain search task success 2. Then  , tracker will continue to search through fine search for the target with smaller standard deviation and same number of samples. Because of the competitive nature of the market  , each search term may have bids from many advertisers  , and almost every advertiser bids on more than one search term. In generally  , search related user behavior can be classified into three categories: the usage frequency and how frequently users using or reusing the search engine in order to accomplish their search tasks. These latter search tasks both presume a very small set of relevant documents. While search evaluation is an essential part of the development and maintenance of search engines and other information retrieval IR systems  , current approaches for search evaluation face a variety of practical challenges. Furthermore  , Villa and Halvey 21 showed a relationship between mental effort and relevance levels of judged documents. While query and clickthrough logs from search engines have been shown to be a valuable source of implicit supervision for training retrieval methods  , the vast majority of users' browsing behavior takes place beyond search engine interactions. In this paper  , we have presented a novel method for learning to accurately extract cross-session search tasks from users' historic search activities. In search engine or information retrieval research field  , there are a few research papers studied the users' re-finding and re-visitation search behaviors. Such federated search has the additional benefits of lower computational cost and better scaling properties. Federated search is the approach of querying multiple search engines simultaneously  , and combining their results into one coherent search engine result page. Differences in the selection of search strategies Comparison of the interseascher concept-consistency mean values and the number of search concepts per search request showed a strong and also statistically highly significant negative correlation rs = -0.893; p = 0 ,0001  , see Table 2between them  , The searchers who selected more search concepts per search request achieved lower conceptconsistency mean values than other searchers. The searches were conducted on Wikipedia using a commercial test search engine created by Search Technologies Corp. We used the commercial search engine  , because Wikipedia does not provide full-text search. Despite the single user requiring such a feature and the high rating she assigned to the app  , the barebones developers implemented search suggestions in the release 3.1: " Added Google Search Suggestions " . The rest of this paper is organized as follows: SectionFigure 1: Architecture of Chem X Seer Formula Search and Document Search ing functions. The feasibility of this approach depends on how concentrated the search content associated to a trending topic is. Our study in the search query log of a commercial search engine reveals that the number of generic search queries  , which have explicit or implicit vertical search intentions  , can surpass the traffic of VSEs. For example  , a search for naval architecture returns 154 books in the Internet Archive search interface  , and 350 books in the Hathi Trust search interface. The percentage increase of the cluster search over the inverted index search is also included in the The numbers in Table 2show that the cluster search requires a significant amount more disk spa~ than the inverted index search an increase of 70- 100%. Most of the existing works rely on search engine server logs to suggest relevant queries to user inputs. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. cost function based on softmax function. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Then  , further simulations were performed. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The main difference with Eq. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. In the second experiment  , the robot moved along a corridor environment about 60 meters while capturing images under varying illumination conditions  , as shown in Fig. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. Finally   , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. The use of beta conjugate priors ensures that no expensive computational methods such as MCMC are necessary 12  , so the model is trained and applied fast enough to be used on-line. which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd  , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. The duration of the burn-in period was determined by running three MCMC chains in parallel and monitoring the convergence of predictions. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles  , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents  , and do a single MCMC sweep over them  , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Viterbi recognizer search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. served as ranking criterion. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Dynamic programming. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Second  , the system is extensible. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. One final extension is required. by using dynamic programming. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. is developed1. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . There are multiple ways to form intervals. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. This application was built using the C programming language. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. using a dynamic programming approach. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. The demonstration data consists of various signals. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. This report is organized as follows. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. This complexity arises from three main sources. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . The design of an application simulation is done as follows. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. structure. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Currently programming is done in terms of files. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Generative model. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The deviance is a comparative statistic. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. The likelihood function Eq. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. likelihood function. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. As the experiment progresses from Fig. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The likelihood function is a statistical concept. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. The estimates from two methods are very close. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. reduction of error  , e.g. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 4 i.e. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Table 3shows these results. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. Mukhopadyay et al. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. for some nonnegative function T . To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. Hence  , replacement selection creates only half as many runs as Quicksort . When using quicksort  , adjustments can only be done when a run has been finished and output.   , for which the quicksort computation requires a number of steps proportional to n 2   , highlighting the worst-case On 2  complexity of quicksort. Either Quicksort or List/Merge should be used. Quicksort therefore has a much shorter split phase than rep1 1  , which more than offsets the longer merge phase that results from the larger number of runs that Quicksort generates . Similar observations about the relative trade-offs between Quicksort and rep1 1 were made in Grae90  , DeWi911. In any modern functional language a similar definition of quicksort can be given by the use of let-expressions with patterns. it works for any unordered data structure. Then the sorted relations are merged and the matching tuples are output. Modifying and debugging BSD quicksort is nontrivial. two common in-memory sorting methods that are used for the split phase. This could significantly shorten the merge phase that follows . sorting is usually not carried out on the actual tuples. quicksort. We believe the advantages that the PREDATOR quicksort demonstrates over the B SD quicksort are: q The PREDATOR version is generic  , i.e. Besides consistently producing response times that are at least as fast as Quicksort  , replacement selection with block writes also makes external sorts more responsive  , compared to Quicksort  , in releasing memory when required to do so. Since our technique tests the computational complexity of a program unit  , we call it a technique for computational complexity testing  , or simply complexity testing. With Quicksort  , there is a cycle of reading several pages from the source relation  , sorting them  , and then writing them to disk. Overall  , our results indicate that the combination of dynamic splitting and replacement selection with block writes enables external sorts to deal effectively with memory fluctuations. The <version definition > describes the versions a building block A belongs to. We note that in our setting  , we do not ask directly for rankings because the increased complexity in the task both increases noise in response and interferes with the fast-paced excitement of the game. This choice of segmentation is particularly appropriate because quicksort frequently swaps data records. For the run formation phase  , they considered quicksort and replacement selection. Generating Test Cases Based on the Input. As a first example consider the subsequent obvious specification of quicksort with conditional equations. When using replacement selection   , memory adjustments can be done by expanding orshrinking the selection heap. In going from input to output we use a simple bucket sort  , while in going from output to input we use a technique structurally similar to Quicksort. The termination of the above definition of quicksort can be verified using termination proof methods based on simplification orderings. CEC supports two such methods  , polynomial interpretations and recursive path decomposition orderings. Our branch policy requires that  , whenever feasible   , each element must be less than the pivot when compared . In a segmented implementation  , a record swap operation translates to a pointer swap operation whose time cost is independent of record size. We studied Quicksort and replacemcnt sclcction. The second was a segmented record data structure: the primary segment simply contains a pointer to the secondary segmen~ which contains the data fields. Sorting was performed in-place on pointers to tuples using quicksort Hoa62. In the example  , if we had defined the nonreflexive " less than " -relation < on integers and passed this to quicksort  , the violation of the reflexivity constraint for =< in totalorder would have been indicated immediately: After renaming =< into < and the sort elem into int the specification of quicksort as given in example 2.3 combined with the above specification is inconsistent because the two axioms n < 0 = false and el < el = true imply false = 0 < 0 = true which is an equation between two constructor terms. This inconsistency will be encount ,ercd during complet.ion. Let-expressions with patterns are a specific form of conditional equations with extra variables which the CEC-system is able to support efficiently. Subsequent iterations operate on the cached data  , causing no additional cache misses. Discrete transitions are generally used when trying to convey an intuition about the overall behavior of a program in a context where the changes can be easily grasped; BALSAS visualization of the QuickSort  , in which each discrete change shows the results after each partitioning step  , may be cited as an example. Although in the existing literature BUC-based methods have been shown to degrade in high skew values  , we have confirmed the remark of others 2 that using CountingSort instead of QuickSort for tuple sorting is very helpful. Moreover note that in low Z values the cube is sparse  , which generates many TTs decreasing the size of CURE and BU-BST. The constant 1.2 is the proportionality constant for a well engineered implementation of the quicksort. Qrtickvort and replacement selection are two in-memory sorting methods that arc commonly used in external sorts. Whether the original replacement selection  , Quicksort  , or replacement selection with block writes is preferable depends not only on the hardware characteristics of the system  , but also on memory allocation and the size of the relation to be sorted. 'l%c second sorting method  , replacement selection  , works as li~llows: Pages of the source relation are fetched  , and the tuples in these pages arc copied into an ordered heap data structure. Although replacement selection can shorten the merge phase  , it is not always preferable to Quicksort because replacement s&&on can also lead to a longer split phase Grae90  , DeWi911. We will use the attributes to ensure that the output string is of a given length and that the elements are sorted. Our method bears a structural similarity.to Quicksort  , the output string being represented by the context-free grammar: 1. sort_output ::= empty I sort_output "element" sort_output. When there are many tuples in memory  , this may result in considerable delays. The performance results for the two in-memory sorting methods  , Quicksort quick and replacement selection with block writes repl6. The method however relies on a recursive partitioning of the data set into two as it is known from Quicksort. The step in the L2 misses-curve depicts the effect of caching on repeated sequential access: Tables that fit into the cache have to be loaded only once during the top-level iteration of quicksort . In contrast  , Quicksort writes out an entire run each time  , thus producing considerably fewer random I/OS. By writing multiple pages instead of only a single page each time as in repf I  , rep1 6 is able to sigtificantly reduce tbe number of disk seeks in replacement selection  , bringing the duration of its split phase much closer to that of quick. The only exceptions occur when quick is used in conjunction with susp  , which produces the worst response times. Compared with On in absolute judgment  , this is still not affordable for assessors. Continuous transitions are preferable to illustrate small steps and when the nature of the state change must be explained to the viewer. Traditional expectation-based parsers rely heavily on slot restrictions-rules about what semantic classes of words or concepts can fill particular slots in the case frames. Compared with QuickSort strategy adopted by Nir Ailon 1 for preference judgment  , our top-k labeling strategy significantly reduces the complexity from On log n to On log k  , where usually k n. The judgment complexity of our strategy is nearly comparable with that of the absolute judgment i.e. For instance  , if ADRENAL were seeking documents in response to the example query on Quicksort see Section 2.1 a sentence containing the words "statistical" and "divide" would be an excellent choice for parsing  , to distinguish good matches like "..the statistical properties of techniques that divide a problem into smaller.." from bad matches  , such as "..we divide up AI learning methods into three classes: statistical ,..". The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. Scenario. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. a syntactic component . These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. Random SearchAb1 : basic strategy : the ability to find task by moving random direction. Specifically for automated repair   , for random search one candidate patch can be discarded immediately once the patch is regarded as invalid. However  , for the satellite docking operation  , the random search found only one feasible solution in 750 ,000 function evaluations 64 hours on 24 Sparc workstations. The heuristic makes this approach more efficient than a purely random search. However  , such random search techniques have produced some of the best results on practical planning problems. They follow walls and turn at random at intersections. GP has been shown to perform well under such conditions. Hence  , the Random Walk served as the search performance lower-bound. One is random search Random 1  , the only fully parallelizable strategy besides A-SMFO. Then we compare to different variations of the SMBO framework. In this paper  , however  , we plan to further investigate whether genetic programming used by GenProg has the better performance over random search  , when the actual evolutionary search has started to work. The search space is uniformly sampled at random. Step Three  , Random Baseline  , was omitted. Models & Parameters. One might expect that  , if samples are truly random and sufficiently large  , different random samples would produce stable effectiveness of the search system in terms of precision or nDCG. The single search box has the option to switch to the advanced mode. These search results were then presented in random order to the disambiguation system. The results cate our method depends on the quality of the search engine search results. We developed a Random Searcher Model to discover the holdings of archives that support fulltext search. It is parallelizable which is only possible for grid search and random search while all other tuning strategies are not trivially parallelizable. We are not surprised for this experimental results. Another was to search for subjects of interest to the participant  , and to look through the search results until something worth keeping was found. They doubted that the promising results may not be brought by genetic programming used by GenProg  , because the patch search problem can be easy when random search would have likely yielded similar results. valid patches much faster  , in terms of requiring fewer patch trials 1   , than random search. The popularity increase is much more sudden under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. Search US query logs in February 2007. The experimental results are in Table 1. One was to request random pages from the search engine  , and to keep looking at random pages until one struck their fancy. The sequences composed of a random walk followed by gradient descent search are repeated for a predetermined number K of trials or until a better node is found. Random-based techniques generate tests by randomly assembling method calls into concurrent tests. While randomized  , however  , GAS are by no means a simple random-walk approach. We perform this ordering-space-search for 100 random trials. 2 Each robot search samples by random walk because there is no information about the sample location. = DispersionAb2: the ability of a group of agent to spread out in order to establish and maintain some minimum inter-agent distance. To address this discrepancy  , we now extend the topic-driven random-surfer model as follows: That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. Construct validity threats concern the appropriateness of the evaluation measurement. Even when keyword search is used to select all training documents  , the result is generally superior to that achieved when random selection is used. Of these  , the location of minimum error is the start point for a directed search that is based on steepest descent. Here  , n ringers are constructed by encrypting a random plaintext Pr with a random key kr to obtain the ringer's ciphertext Cr. If the observed number of occurrences is more than 3 standard deviations greater than expected  , the search term and n-gram are unlikely to occur together by random chance. The random-surfer model captures the case when the users are not influenced by search engines. It was common  , for example   , to find programs where  , given a few hundred random searches  , the fastest search order outperformed the slowest by four or five orders of magnitude. 2 We see that by combining the topic models with random walk  , we can significantly enhance the ranking the simple multiplication to combine the relevance scores by the topic model with the score from the random walking model while the second method integrates the topic model directly into the random walk. Our work addresses random generation of unit tests for object-oriented programs. Note that the proposed search-result-based approach produced better translations than the anchor-text-based approach for the random Web queries. The random walk as defined does not converge to the uniform distribution. Each random access includes at most m times of binary search on the sorted lists that have been loaded in memory and the cost of random access is moderate. To cope with this challenging problem  , we leverage the search function of the G+ API to efficiently identify a large number of seemingly random users. RANDOOP is closer to the other side of the random-systematic spectrum: it is primarily a random input generator  , but uses techniques that impose some systematization in the search to make it more effective . Templates that did not have any matching queries were excluded. For the medical track the Search by Strategy framework of Spinque was deployed. Instead   , a discrete random search technique can be used for efficiency. It has some limitations due to stochastic search. Active search -Active tactile search for object indentification and determination of position and attitude is central to achieving adequate manipulation and assembly capability. For each  , we obtained matching queries from a uniform random sample of all recent search queries submitted to the search engine in the United States. Our final data set consisted of 224k search sessions  , corresponding to 88k users. The dataset comprises a set of approximately one million queries selected uniformly at random from the search sessions. Additionally  , it only depends on the training meta-data and not on the currently evaluated data set. If the search succeeds  , then the equivalence check returns false and the oracle reports a failure. Overall  , 30% of Search Quality sites and 50% of Safe Browsing sites rank low enough to receive limited search traction. Next  , we consider each search engine to be a random capture of the document population at a certain time. Table 8shows the reverse ratio for each method. For simplicity  , we assume terms occur independently and follow Poisson statistics. As we showed before  , functions could be expressed by trees. It has been shown that  , depending on the structure of the search space  , in some applications it may outperform techniques based on local search 7. The subjects were asked to select as many restaurants relevant to a presented search intent as possible. A randomized search strategy builds one or more stud solutions and tries to improve them by applying random transformations . In each search task  , participants were required to read task description  , complete pre-and post-questionnaires  , and search information on Wikipedia using either of the two user interfaces. The meta-search interface presented the documents retrieved in random order  , with no indication of the system from which each was drawn. These URIs are then utilized to build archive profiles. After submissions began  , the echo Step Five  , multimodal search began  , including predictive coding features  , with iterated training. Whenever it is found  , its random access address is remembered for the duration of the search of that subtree for S. P. P# = 200. We refer to this approach as Sampled Expected Utility. Finally  , the search box provides random access to any item. Each sampler was allowed to submit exactly 5 million queries to the search engine. propose the ObjectRank system 3 which applies the random walk model to keyword search in databases modelled as labelled graphs. 18 have examined contextual search and name disambiguation in email messages using graphs  , employing random walks on graphs to disambiguate names. During each search a random series of digits between one and five were played into their headphones. We had a collection of 973948 messages from the Microsoft.public. To date  , tasks are routed to individual workers in a random manner. They efficiently exploit historical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. 7represents the convergent rate of J. Randomly generate an initial population of particles with random positions and velocities within a search space. We perform the optimization using a combination of random search and gradient descent with numerical gradient computation. show that even a single user adopts different interaction modes that include goal oriented search  , general purpose browsing and random browsing 8. We proposed to tackle this problem by random walk on the query logs. Mimic uses random search inspired by machine learning techniques . 12 mobile search query logs. First is a random snippet from the list of possible snippets for the document. They efficiently exploit hBtorical information to speculate on new search nodes with expected improved performance. Table IIshows the comparison of the results obtained using single-modal features. As described earlier  , random search is unguided  , and thus requires no fitness evaluation. After an initial random run shown using the thin jagged lines  , constraint solving tries to exhaustively search part of the state space. Obtaining a random sample from an uncooperative search engine is a non-trivial task. In addition  , before the main loop is executed  , R*GPU generates K random successors of the start state. Caching is an important optimization in search engine architectures . Using a depth-first search-based summary method DFS does not perform well in our experiments. Fuzzy-fingerprinting FF is a hash-based search method specifically designed for text-based information retrieval. However  , it is intuitively clear that any search routine could converge faster if starting points are good solutions. After that search is carried out among this population. The evolutionary search method starts with a population of p random solutions. All collision-free samples are added to the roadmap and checked for connections with all connected components. 9 have developed an OR-parallel formulat.ion of F:PP based on random competition parallel search ll. The interleaving of random and symbolic techniques is the crucial insight that distinguishes hybrid concolic testing from a na¨ıvena¨ıve approach that simply runs random and concolic tests in parallel on a program. That is  , the user clicks that the search engine observes is not based on the topic-driven random surfer model; instead the user's clicks are heavily affected by the rankings of search results. The match scores are normalized to the range 0 ,1  , raised to the fourth power to exaggerate the peak  , and then a center-of mass calculation is performed for all cells. After a random number of forward and backward movements along the ranked list  , the user will end their search and we will evaluate the total utility provided by the system to them by taking the average of the precision of the judged relevant documents they has considered during their search. To tackle the problem   , we presented a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. Consequently  , the search procedure changes from a random search t o a well informed search  , where the existence of the solution is known a priori. – Random query terms are sent to the fulltext search interface of the archive if present and from the search response we learn the URIs that it holds. Keyword search refers to such search behavior demonstrated by a random visitor to the forum site  , who may or may not have participated in the forum discussions in the past. We cannot assume any information about the searcher  , and cannot provide a personalized search for this user 1 . This is in contrast with techniques  , such as random sample consensus RANSAC 4  , which first find appearance-based matches globally and then enforce geometric consistency. Thus  , in the rest of this paper  , we try to examine the impact of search engines theoretically by analyzing two Web-surfing models: the random-surfer model and the searchdominant model. It means that if a page becomes popular within one year when search engines do not exist  , it takes 66 years when search engines dominate users' browsing pattern! Search for 30 ,000 random elements -To measure the retrieval speed of the indices  , each index was searched for 30 ,000 different elements  , with each element requiring a new search. To come to our classification schemes  , we sampled random queries from our log data. Educational tasks were completed in a random but fixed order; search tool order was systematically varied across participants. The primary difference between these methods and our proposed approach is that we do not require the search to expand the generated subgoal  , or a random successor in the case of R*. The Minimum and Maximum values are the observed minimum and maximum number of states explored by a random search in the pool. If an n-gram occurs more frequently in a search result than expected by random chance  , there may be a relationship between the n-gram and the search term. This measure indicates how likely a method will reverse the order of a random pair of search results returned by the search engine. R* search 13 is a randomized version of A* search that aims to circumvent local minima by generating random successors for a state  , and then solving a series of short-range local planning problems on demand. The organization of this paper is as follows: Section 2 outlines the definition of dedi-ous workspace and its significance in computing the inverse solutions. Therefore  , our model disguises a user's true search intents through plausible cover queries such that search engines cannot easily recognize them. Then  , we extracted a random sample of the search sessions of those " switching-tolerant " users from the period under study. The performance of the translation of popular Web queries was better than that of random Web queries because random Web queries were too diverse. A random search is asked the same problem and the results figure 7 right show that the intelligence included in genetic optimization is far superior to the random search. Indeed  , the best solution is hardly improved and the population is vowed to stagnation . The random testing phase takes a couple of minutes to reach state=9. Variants of TA have been studied for multimedia similarity search 12 ,31   , ranking query results from structured databases 1  , and distributed preference queries over heterogeneous Internet sources such as digital libraries   , restaurant reviews  , street finders  , etc. A random walk doesn't work for generating table values because the distance of a random walk is related to the square root of the number of time steps. This difference is due to the fact that random pages tend to have more dynamic content than high-quality ones  , perhaps aimed at attracting the attention of search engines and users. Thus the random-order index has to be stored separately from the search index which doubles the storage cost. This query-dependent model addressed the efficiency issue in random walk by constructing a subset of nodes in the click graph based on a depth-first search from the target node. Our approach and more systematic approaches represent different tradeoffs of completeness and scalability  , and thus complement each other. Search results often contain duplicate documents  , which contain the same content but have different URLs. The random relative access rate tells which fraction of clicks will be made on links with a specific property if the user selects links in the search results list randomly. The random test case generation technique requires ranges within which to randomly select input values  , and the chaining technique needs to know the edge of its search space. Compared to blind random search optimization the convergence speed is similar but the learning strategy finds significantly better gaits  , e.g. The two planners presented in :section 3.1  , greedy search which planned ahead to the first scan in a path  , and the random walk which explored in a random fashion  , were tested in the simulation world described above. In both cases the robot started with no a priori knowledge of the environment. The total evolution time is about 6 hours on a SUN/SPARC5 workstation. In order to mitigate the problems that are a result of the depth first search we use  , we generated tests with different seeds for the random number generator: for each test case specification  , fifteen test suites with different seeds were computed. The other one is a widely used approach in practice  , which first randomly selects queries and then select top k relevant documents for each query based on current ranking functions such as top k Web sites returned by the current search engine23 . The same sets of images and the same searches were used for all subjects  , but each subject carried out a different search on a particular set. We show in this paper that this expectation does not hold in practice. He collected the following kinds of pairs of Web pages: Random: Two different pages were sampled uniformly at random uar from the collection. As a key factor for efficient performance  , it must be careful about random accesses to index structures  , because random accesses are one or two orders of magnitude more expensive than the amortized cost of a sequential access. The queries were drawn from the logs uniformly at random by token without replacement  , resulting in a query sample representative of the overall query distribution. As the baseline frontier prioritization techniques  , we evaluate the following five approaches:  Random: Frontier pages are crawled in a random order. Qin and Henrich 2G  have pursued an AND-parallel approach which generates random subgoals and t ,hen tries to connect theni in parallel with t.he initial and final configurations. In other applications such as personalized search and query suggestion  , random walks are used to discover relevant entities spread out in the entire graph  , so a small restart probability is favorable in these cases. However  , once it obtains a reasonable ranking in the search result  , it garners significantly more traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so its popularity increases very quickly as long as it is of high quality. Each randomized search used a distinct seed generated from a pseudo-random sequence  , and was limited to one hour of execution time and 2GB of memory  , with the exception of BoundedBuffer. For example  , consider the comment of the focus group participant who critiqued the relative difficulty of browsing in MIR systems  " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random " ; Section 4.1. We then perform a random walk over the graph  , using query-URLquery transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. If the search is successful  , then the ancestor mark bit can be set because its random access address was saved. This is directly confirmed in the reported results in 59  , in which in half of the case study the average number of fitness evaluations per run is at most 41  , thus implying that  , on average  , appropriate patches are found in the random initialization of the first population before the actual evolutionary search even starts. Even though the search space is very large  , it could be possible that a large percentage of all candidate designs are acceptably good solutions for this example   , a feasible solution  , which does not violate any task constraints  , is considered to be acceptably good. Figure 3shows the recursive procedure  , which is based upon depth--rst search. One scenario is that no range information is available. To assess the theoretical suitability of different folksonomies for decentralized search we plot the distance distribution first. Since the search engine mainly " promotes " popular pages by returning them at the top  , they are visited more often than under the random-surfer model. In the next section  , we present empirical evidences that lead to Proposition 3. keeping clicking on the links between Web pages or through some Web page search engines or some combination 2 . The odds of a random function returning the right results in these cases is quite small. While random generation showed promising results  , it would be useful to consider a more guided search for test generation. Figure 11 shows the response time results for the recursive random search combined with LHS. Participants " accepted " any Web site that they identified as a g ood match for their task goals and classroom context. " We have also assessed the effect of social navigation support on how the search results are used. In order to explore the search space  , we solve the problem of efficiently generating random  , uniformlydistributed execution plans  , for acyclic queries. The search was repeated for 50 trials using a different subsequence as query. This involves collecting the data from the streaming API without any search terms  , thereby receiving a random selection. There were a few selections for which the search engine did not return any result. This was our motivation for starting with a random sample of actual user queries. We show an example of a probabilistically deaened search space in Figure 3  , which includes an ëactual" aeeld obtained by a random generation of object locations from this probabilistic data. A random walk is then conducted on this subgraph and hitting time is computed for all the query nodes. We obtained 343 random queries from Microsoft Help and Support Search Query logs. On each capture  , the returned documents are captured and recorded. Graph 6.4 plots the search time number of random disk accesses for the postings file  , for the FCHAIN method. In the second step  , two search intents were assigned and presented in random order to each subject. They use a bitmap of the workspace and and construct numerical potential fields. Then  , the CONNECT function generates the trajectory for object orientations  , which connects Rand to a , , , ,. Otherwise  , highly exploratory EAs hardly find good local solution as well as random search does. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. The ad-hoc policy results in probabilistic updates  , and a search based on manually generated heuristics and some random actions 23. Each invocation produces an index into the list of zy pairs  , thereby defining a contour point. Random restarts were applied to initial weights to allow the optimizer to find a reasonable solution. Another recent approach called DOC 14  uses a random seed of points to guide a greedy search for subspace clusters. This dataset was extracted from random queries sampled from Yahoo! Mimic focuses on relatively small but potentially complex code snippets  , whereas Pasket synthesizes large amounts of code based on design patterns. The computer presented one random photo after another to one of the experimenters. Using the intersection of these two captures  , we estimate the entire size of the population. 5A distributed selective search performs better with content basis category partitioning of the collection than near random partitioning. For compound digital objects  , including text  , audio  , and video resources  , it is necessary to provide convenient random access to digital contents. The authors describe a technique which uses random walks to estimate the RankMass of a search engine's index. where random is a randomly generated number between 0 and 3. The model we have explored thus far assumes that users make visit to pages only by querying a search engineFigure 12: Influence of the extent of random surfing. If no pre-existing example image is available  , random images from the collection may be presented to the user  , or a sketch interface may be used. We apply the Lucene 3 search engine  , under its default settings  , for searching over this collection. To our knowledge  , this is the first time such a Multi-Start/Iterated Local Search scheme 7 has been combined with OLS. Among all proposals   , random walk-based methods 20  , 17  , 19  have exhibited noticeable performance improvement when comparing to other models. In the following sections  , we only considered these 490 regular selections and 299 random mentions. Making evaluations for personalized search is a challenge since relevance judgments can only be assessed by end-users 8. This scheme led to a practical implementation and we demonstrated that it solves complex and realistic manipulation tasks involving objects and fingertips of various shapes. Performing a random walk over the graph  , using query- URL-query transitions associated with weights on the edges i.e. Regarding minimality  , DFSModify performs a random search on the automaton graph. From this it appears that the effects of random walk searches produce equivalent results as an exhaustive search. Extensive researches on the optimal parameters for the balance of exploration and exploitation were performed2 3. In this paper  , we propose to exploit ray tracing techniques to guide our search for connections between CCs. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms the baseline methods and the existing systems. In this way  , concolic testing does eventually hit the coverage points in the vicinity of the random execution  , but the expense of exhaustive searching means that many other coverage points in the program state space can remain uncovered while concolic testing is stuck searching one part Figure 2 b switches to inexpensive random testing as soon as it identifies some uncovered point  , relying on fast random testing to explore as much of the state space as possible. Figure 1illustrates the perplexity of language models from different sources tested on a random sample of 733 ,147 queries from the search engine's May 2009 query log. Despite the above obstacles  , our experiments – over a corpus of approximately 500 stories from Yahoo! To evaluate the quality of our implicit transcripts  , we collected a random sample of voice queries impressions submitted to Bing search engine during November 2014 and transcribed them implicitly. They never use a search engine that recommends pages based on their current popularity. In this model  , Web users discover new pages simply by surfing the Web  , just following links. Performance should be slightly better when starting with a hot cache. Figure 4shows the number of results returned by the two approaches for the 316 queries. The assumption is that manually written tests for a certain class have inputs more likely to reveal faults than random ones. The Central Limit theorem states that the sum of n random variables converges to a normal distribution 17 . The Point of Diminishing Returns PDR values are explained in Section 5.2. We experimented with ways to initialize the starting values. 3.11M 7.4% of these are for documents which were classified as Single/In Window/Episodic in the previous section i.e. A pseudo-random approach was used to insure that all topic and system order effects were nullified. a suite of state-of-the-art search techniques through a user-friendly interface. It is based on choosing explicitly  , at each instant  , a possible quasi-static motion of the system by using a random search. The performance of this scheme varies significantly from run to run. Whereas gradient methods change the variables according to determiiiistic rules  , GAS are based on random transition rules. The general idea in these methods is t o incrementally build a search graph from the initial state and extend it toward the goal state. If the heuristics guides the search to a local minimum  , a random subgoal is generated and the heuristic strategy is attempted via the subgoal configuration. We implemented the different methods for list materialization  , namely Random  , TopDown  , BottomUp  , and CostBased as discussed in Section 3.2.2. The STS corpus is a collection of 1.6 million English tweets collected by submitting queries with positive and negative emoticons to the Twitter search API. The Tsetlin automaton can be thought of as a finite state automaton controlling two search strategies. 0 ~ 1 in random directions and the hounding surface of the C-obstacle is located by means of binary search. The second step is the roadmap connection where several more powerful local planners are used. Each sample consist of the current gaze angles and the joint angles of the DOFs we are interested in. Search tool order was counterbalanced across educational tasks; tasks were presented in a random  , but fixed  , order. Therefore  , the resulting specification automaton is not going to correspond to a minimal specification in the set F φ T   , in general. Accordingly  , each environment of four levels is regarded as antigens and each of these strategies is regarded as antibodies. For each pair of objects  , there were 500 different cases obtained by locating randomly these objects both random translations and rotations. The PDFs analyzed were a random sample from our SciPlore.org database  , a scientific web based search engine. So evolvability 8 and parallelism are both considered to improve convergence speed of global optimization. Reproducing random search is not exactly possible because often only the distribution over the hyperparameters is made public and not which hyperparameter configurations are finally chosen. We make this exploration tractable by reducing the search space to a random subsample of the available queries. Our experimental results show that the proposed method can significantly improve the search quality in comparison with the baseline methods. Following functional dependencies helps programmers to understand how to use found functions. We design an initialization strategy to balance the above two approaches. We limit random walks within two steps. The classifier is then used to score about 1M pages sampled at random from the search index. To control quality  , two duplicate results and two junk results were added at random positions. We took a random sample of 316 Consumer and Electronics queries 3 from the Live search query log. Those were the 15 queries that used random values in their search clauses. Successors of a node are generated in a random manner until a successor is found that has a better heuristic value than the current configuration. Craswell and Szum- mer 5 used click graph random walks for relevance rank in image search. In cases where the model " overshoots " the measured value  , the saved value will be negative. Since the problem of researcher-indu~d bias was recognized as a potential problem  , four different researchers interacted with participants in a relatively random manner dictated by individual schedules. We calculate the probability of finding a candidate if consider that this candidate is the required expert.  Body-part names. The robot is able to successfully locate the object using information provided exclusively by the second robot. In addition  , since robot movements take place in real time  , learning approaches that require more than hundreds of practice movements are often not feasible. Our empirical evaluation shows that the method produces feasible  , high quality grasps from random and heuristic initializations. From the content of these pages  , it was evident that they were designed to " capture " search engine users. Answers and crawled the top 20 results all question pages due to the site restriction. Rank-S is affected by one more random component than Taily  , thus it might be expected to have greater variability across system instances. We limit our study to queries that were submitted from the United States. As described in Section 4.1  , user search interests can be represented by their queries. External validity is concerned with generalization. The Google search engine employs a ranking scheme based on a random walk model defined by a single state variable. Pages that are labeled as strongly negative by the classifier are then added as negative examples to the training set. 6 This random construction does not guarantee that the degree sequences are exactly given by the qi's and dj's: this is true only in expectation. It submits each query to the search engine and checks whether they are valid for x. GP is ultimately a heuristic-guided random search; the success rate in some sense measures the difficulty of finding the solution. The concolic testing phase can then generate the sequence ESC dd during exhaustive search. Data is then extracted from this selection using a set of commonly used relevant terms. Search engines play an important role in web page discovery for most users of the Web. This feature  , however  , was not included for the video library described below for funding and bandwidth reasons. The files are populated with 100 ,000 keys and the clients retrieve 1000 random keys in each experiment  , start@ each time with an empty image of the file. This behavior first searches a small area around the last known position of object by generating a random small motion in CS. The authors show how click graphs can be used to improve ranking of image search results. Typical random assignments of shards produce imbalances in machine load  , even when as few as four machines are in use. We first study how to support efficient random access for fuzzy type-ahead search. Observe that for all values of x  , randomized rank promotion performs better than or as well as nonrandomized ranking. Therefore the effective relative access rate is 16/53=0.3  , which is twice the random 0.15. Computing random relative access rate for links with group traffic was a complicated procedure. When this occurs  , random search with a randomly chosen depth bound is executed. This helps deal with the high dimensionality of the control space of rolling and sliding contacts. On average  , based on our experiment with some random sampled publications  , only 0.35 resources were retrieved for each testing publication. However  , if gobal optimation is paid too much attention  , GA maybe drop in random search. Pheromone decay is: Since the initial exploration of the search space is usually random set  , the value of the initial phases is not very informative and it is important for the system to slowly forget it. Afterwards  , another 100 queries are sent to the search service  , whose average response time is taken as the result. Given the biases inherent in effective search engines — by design  , some documents are preferred over others — this result is unsurprising. Explicitly pornographic queries were excluded from the sample. Generating ten English person names  , using random combinations of the most frequent first and last names in the U. S. Census 1990 1 . We evaluated the query and HTTP costs to learn certain percentage of the holdings of an archive using RSM under different profiling policies. We assume that the 106 found social robots represent a random sample of social robots. DOC measures the density of subspace clusters using hypercubes of fixed width w and thus has similar problems like CLIQUE. We further propose two methods to combine the proposed topic models with the random walk framework for academic search. We defer discussing the possible reason to Section 6. In this section  , we analyze how the popularity evolution changes when the users discover pages solely based on search results the search-dominant model. This assumption makes sense when users surf the Web randomly Section 2  , but it may not be valid when users visit pages purely based on search results. These queries had at most 3 required search terms and at most 3 optional search terms. engines and are very short  , nonnegligible surfing may still be occurring without support from search engines. In practice  , however   , the search engine can only observe the user's clicks on its search result  , not the general web surfing behavior of the user. A given starting point was judged by exactly one participant. Hence  , we reduce σ iteratively in OD such that the amount of reduction in σ is proportional to the increase in the accumulative structural coverage obtained by the generated test suites line 21. The curves confirm the expectations of excellent search performance  , i.e. The basic action in such strategies is transformp  , which applies some transformation to a complete PT p. Only transformations that  , produce another complete PT in the same search space are applied. sen by an expert panel as search queries; 2 collecting the random sample without specified search terms and extracting appropriate data 2; 3 collecting from specific users that are known to be contributing to the debate 3. For example  , we observed that 18% of potential good abandonments in Chinese mobile search were weather queries a simple information need  , while on Chinese PC search the rate was under 1%. To test our hypotheses about the usefulness of our WYSIAWYH paradigm in supporting local browsing  , we compared the SCAN browser  , with a control interface that supported only search. As will be argued in Subsection 2.2  , hash-based search methods operationalize—apparently or hidden—a means for embedding high-dimensional vectors into a low-dimensional space. This can be done within ESA by either manually selecting documents or by automatic and random selection  , at a user's discretion. If this were the case  , a random search would find one of those feasible solutions quickly. They noted that the Janus search engine could also be used to find textual overlaps between other random texts as well. In particular  , the results of image search for people with a small Web footprint are fairly random. In addition to this hypothesis  , if we assume Proposition 2 the visits to a page are done by random users  , we can analyze the popularity evolution for the search-dominant model. This approach aims to reduce the bias introduced through human defined search terms. Query mix -Each index structure was tested in a " normal " update environment by performing a mix of inserts  , searches  , and deletes. The queries were sampled at random from query log files of a commercial local search engine and the results correspond to businesses in our local search data; all queries are in English and contain up to 7 terms. This gave us positive examples search historyonset  and negative examples search historyno onset  , one example per user. This search necessity is a result of the attribute randomization phase encoding  where mapping of original attributes is many to one. Figure 5.1 shows that there was a big difference in accuracy between interest-based initial hub selection and random initial hub selection. To evaluate the resulting context vectors  , we manually constructed a search query incorporating the ambiguous word and its most discriminating related words for each major word sense found. The provided navigational queries were submitted to the search site the same way they would be submitted in a realistic search scenario  , i.e. These studies were all large scale analyses based on random query streams  , but none focused on abandoned queries. Although all possible rankings for k = 10 did appear in real search results during the TREC ad-hoc and robust tracks  , the frequency with which each ranking appears is not uniform. Diankov and Kuffner propose a method called 'Randomized A*' 4  , primarily for dealing with discretization issues in continuous state spaces. This reaches a threshold as the search becomes more exhaustive in nature. Variations of the approach can be applied to many other applications such as social search and blog search. In addition  , the MSN Search crawler already uses numerous spam detection heuristics  , including many described in 8. In formalizing our search-dominant model  , we first note that the main assumption for the random-surfer model is Proposition 1: the visit popularity of a page is proportional to its current popularity. Moreover  , if random testing does not hit a new coverage point  , it can take advantage of the locally exhaustive search provided by concolic testing to continue from a new coverage point. We are gathering data from Twitter to create an archive on the debate surrounding the UK's inclusion in the European Union EU. When the search reaches a local minimum in terms of function P  , a preset number of random walks  , each of which is followed by a gradient motion  , are performed to escape the local minimum. Users used the search panel to find stories  , as with the SCAN browser  , but had only the random access player  " tape-recorder "  for browsing within " documents " . The overflow is low and as a consequence of this  , exhaustive search is nearly as good as the exhaustive search of the sequential signatums. First  , every database has different semantics  , which we can use to improve the quality of the keyword search. Agents can either locally try to find nodes that have been least visited or search for some random area in the environment. Selection of the words is random  , but the duplicates are not removed so the words with higher frequency in the page have higher chance of being selected. All of the nondeterministic choices are made using the Verify.random function which is a special method of the program checker JPF that forces JPF to search every possible choice exhaustively i.e. In general  , the construction and traversal of suffix trees results in " random-like access " 14  for a number of efficient in-memory construction methods 25  , 38. Note that as the number of search points in the random selection increases  , the exploredlviewed space grows more uniformly measured as the standard deviation of the radius of every point in the viewed environment space. The predefined queries were designed in a way to return relatively long search results lists. The collection of queries is a random sample of fully-anonymized queries in English submitted by Web users in 2006. A vexing question that has plagued the use of technologyassisted review  " TAR "  is " when to stop " ; that is  , knowing when as much relevant information as possible has been found  , with reasonable effort. Basically  , it shows how often the links with this property appear in the search results list. It is equipped with some search data structure usually a search tree that can be used to find the posting list associated with a given term. In addition  , similar to other search-based software engineering SBSE 15  , 14 approaches  , genetic programming often suffers from the computationally expensive cost caused by fitness evaluation  , a necessary activity used to distinguish between better and worse solutions. Our model predicts that it takes 60 times longer for a new page to become popular under the search-dominant model than under the random-surfer model. The second part of the table shows the slowdown of the tests generated by basic random compared to the tests generated by BALLERINA  , when run on the same number of cores. Thus  , every participant used all three search interfaces but the order in which participants used the interfaces and the task for which a given interface was used varied systematically across participants. The main area of the screen shows one random map which was among the top-ten ranked search results for this query. This provides a degree of privacy  , but it makes search logs less useful by inserting additional noise that makes a user's general interests difficult to discern. Lower bounds – random and round robin: To establish a lower bound on performance  , the effectiveness of a round robin technique was measured: ranking the fused documents based solely on their rank position from source search engines. The mutation enables the exploration of solutions within the same product  , while the crossover operation enables to switch to another product an further explore it with subsequent random mutations. In other words  , search based on the user model required a much smaller number of query messages and thus a much higher efficiency in order to achieve similar accuracy. Apart from Bharat and Broder  , several other studies used queries to search engines to collect random samples from their indices. Figure 3shows the quality of the results of our heuristic search vs. the quality of the results of the non-heuristic expanding search 1 a random page is chosen for expansion since hyperlinks are un-weighted compared to the optimal exhaustive search. Another suggestion was to provide different forms of help such as having a librarian at the "front desk"  , a search box and a random book selector. This is needed to prevent the search space from becoming too sparse prematurely  , as under the multiplicative CoNMF update rules  , zero entries lead to a disconnected search space and result in overly localized search. We learned embeddings for more than 126.2 million unique queries  , 42.9 million unique ads  , and 131.7 million unique links  , using one of the largest search data set reported so far  , comprising over 9.1 billion search sessions collected on Yahoo Search. As such  , in an SSD-based search engine infrastructure  , the benefit of a cache hit should now attribute to both the saving of the random read and the saving of the subsequent sequential reads for data items that are larger than one block. In comparison to Balmin  , Hristidis  , and Papakonstantinou  , 2004 where random walks are used on a document semantic similarity graph  , our work uses the authorship information to enhance keyword search. Running a random walk on this graph is simple: we start from an arbitrary document  , at each step choose a random term/phrase from the current document  , submit a corresponding query to the search engine  , and move to a randomly chosen document from the query's result set. While the systematic techniques used sophisticated heuristics to make them more effective  , the type of random testing used for comparison is unguided random testing  , with no heuristics to guide its search. Perhaps more surprising is the fact that a simple keyword search  , composed without prior knowledge of the collection  , almost always yields a more effective seed set than random selection  , whether for CAL  , SAL  , or SPL. For both search engines  , added delays under 500ms were not easily noticeable by participants not better than random prediction while added delays above 1000ms could be noticed with very high likelihood. One focus group participant described the ability to browse as a facility supported in shops  , but not in the music resources that he consults on the WWW: " You also can't choose random CDs  , which I suppose is the advantage of shops as you can just search at random. " Initially a random search strategy is used in which the profile of the object is placed at a series of ten random locations within the bounds of the substrate profile and the resultant total error for the difierence surface recorded in each case. In the Greenstone-based MELDEX 1 music retrieval system  , for example  , the browse and search screens are functionally separated—it is not possible  , for example  , to locate an interesting song and then directly move to browsing a list of other songs in that genre. So that they would not become accustomed to the rate of the digits and hence switch attention to the dual task in a rhythmic fashion rather than maintaining attention on the dual task  , the digits were timed to have a mean inter-digit interval of 5 seconds with a uniform random variation around this mean of 1.5 seconds. In traditional search engine architecture using HDD in the document servers  , the latency from receiving the query and document list from the web server to the return of the query result is dominated by the k random read operations that seek the k documents from the HDD see Figure 9a. Because the queries of " broad " interest-based initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories interest-based initial hub selection  , "broad" categories random initial hub selection  , "narrow" categories random initial hub selection  , "broad" categories As shown in Figure 5.2  , initial hub selection without user modeling content/performance-based underperformed that with user modeling interest-based due to the inability to identify uncharacteristic queries not related to search history. An alternative approach 14  , 18  , 1 1 tries to capture the topology of the free space by building a graph termed roadmap whose nodes correspond to random  , collision-free configurations and whose edges represent path availability between node pairs. The second heuristic called " lowest-occupancy " drives to the parking space with the lowest prior probability of being occupied and then searches for the next free parking spot in a random walk fashion. Although the PSO has the stochastic property  , i.e. In this way  , it avoids expensive constraint solving to perform exhaustive search in some part of the state space. We also compute the expected costs and payoffs if the developer examines the generated plausible SPR and Prophet patches in a random order. According to this construction when we compute this average  , the precision of a document visited k times will contribute to the mean with a k/n weight. This problem of the user not finding any any relevant document in her scanned set of documents is defined as query abandonment. A set of 275 random English address queries  , both structured and unstructured  , covering geographic regions from the United States and India were collected from users and user location search query logs. The idea of constructing search trees from the initial and goal configurations comes from classical AI bidirectional search  , and an overview of its use in previous motion planning methods appears in 12 . There have been several recent studies suggesting that a large percentage of web browsing sessions start by a visit to a search engine  , expressing a query for their need  , and following links suggested by the search engine. A peer implementation conforms to its interface  , if all the call sequences to the Communicator are accepted by the finite state machine defining the peer interface. As before  , we selected 5000 random examples  , with an equal number of positives search history+onsetinterruption and negatives search history+onsetno interruption. Overall  , search started with random initial hub selection needed to rely on a much larger search scope and full-text hub selection for query routing among the hubs in order to obtain accuracy comparable to that started with interestbased initial hub selection. However   , this work does not say anything regarding the right sample size if we want to estimate a measure in the query log itself  , for example  , the fraction of queries that mention a location or a given topic. Most of the previous research on predicting ad clickthrough focuses on learning from the content of displayed ads e.g. Moreover  , we enhance our random walk model by a novel teleportation approach which lets us go beyond the original web graph by connecting pages that have a good chance of being influential for each other in terms of their search impact. Our work differs from them as we use prime path coverage  , which subsumes all other graph coverage criteria  , to generate the event sequences. Therefore  , unpopular pages get significantly less traffic than under the random-surfer model  , so it takes much longer time for a page to build up initial momentum. To support the application  , each document that matches a query has to be retrieved from a random location on a disk. This subset size corresponds to a scenario where the pages are evenly distributed over a 16-node search engine   , which is the typical setup in our lab. Our empirical study of 56 multithreaded Java programs showed that random variations in the search order give rise to enormous variations in the cost to find an error across a space. Higher bounds 14GB and four hours were used for BoundedBuffer in order to evaluate the PRSS technique on a program with a larger state-space. EXSYST overcomes this problem by testing through the user interface  , rather than at the API level. However  , this paper does not discuss upper bounds and does not define a crawling scheme that sets to download higher quality documents earlier in the crawl. in an Internet search engine  , we will see that there is a wide variety of pages that will provide advice vendors of cleaning products  , helpful hints specialists  , random chroniclers who have experienced the situation before  , etc. Chuang and Chien proposed a technique for categorizing Web query terms from the click-through logs into a pre-defined subject taxonomy based on their popular search interests 4 . Such an initialization allows a query as well as a URL to represent multiple search intents  , and at the same time avoids the problem of assigning undesirable large emission probabilities. Although our data set may not correspond to a " random sample " of the web  , we believe that our methods and the numbers that we report in this paper still have merit for the following reasons . The model is based on a decomposition of the surface of the earth into small grid cells; they assume that for each grid cell x  , there is a probability px that a random search from this cell will be equal to the query under consideration. In this paper we describe the use of collective post-search browsing behavior of many users for this purpose. To validate the above strategy  , we collect two groups of more than 140K samples from the search API  , users whose name match popular and unpopular < 1000 users surnames   , in Sep 2012. This defines 1 an expected number of occurrences of any given n-gram in any given search result  , and 2 a standard deviation of the random variation in the number of occurrences. We used both the institutions " internal search engines and customized Google queries to locate research data policies. We then continue with the depth first search of the tree until complete. The results  , shown in Figure 10  , indicate very good range search performance for query selectivities greater than 0.5%  , and sufficiently good even at smaller query selectivities. However  , it has a weakness in that it requires two distance computations at every node during a search and is limited to a branching factor of two. As with other methods  , to the best of our knowledge no quantitative tests for bias have been performed. These motivated the use of document cache to improve the latency. For each query  , we got the top results from each of these search providers  , and merged and deduplicated these to get 17 ,741 unique documents. These results were then presented in a random order to independent annotators in a double-blind manner. Based on the block-based index structure  , however  , the search execution is much more efficient. Each latency value 0ms  , 250ms  , ..  , 1750ms was introduced five times and in a random order  , in combination with 40 randomly selected navigational queries. Because Clarity computation is expensive  , we calculated Clarity only for a random subset of 600 queries drawn from our original query set. These users specifically commented that they had low expectations for results  , because the words were just too " common " or because the search just was not precise enough. Finally  , we combine the proposed technique and various baselines under a machine learning model to show further improvements. The total number of randomly inserted citations in the full dataset reached almost 4.3 million. One of the authors then visually investigated a random sample of over a hundred replays of interactions on the search result pages made by real users. As shown in Figure 1I  , to make sure that every participant was familiar with the experiment procedure  , an example task was used for demonstration in the Pre-experiment Training stage I.1. There are other ways of improving performance of query optimizers  , and research efforts also need to be directed towards better modeling of random events  , underlying database organization and compile time eventsll. For the CONTIGUOUS method the answer is always: 1; the dashed line corresponds to this performance  , and is plotted for comparison purposes. The only difference was that it had far fewer relevant documents than the rest  , making it more likely to amplify random differences in user search strategies. The position of the random item within the list of 11 items was randomly drawn for each owner. In addition  , the more advanced search modules of SMART re-index the top documents  , and can detect the false match. As more subgoals are generated and path segments are generated between them with the heuristic strategy  , they will form a graph that approximates the connectivity of the cspace 6119. For example  , in the control condition  , the camera oriented toward regions of space that had been salient in the experimental condition. This method has been combined with a random path search system in those cases in which the problem involves systems with a high number of degrees of freedom ll. This ultimately makes the GA coiiverge more accurately to a value arbitrarily close to the optimal solution. By contrast  , the CMP-FL approach is bounded by the input of the user and only explores solutions within the product provided as input; thus  , some areas of the search space cannot be reached. Text re-use has a number of applications including restatement retrieval 1  , near duplicate detection 2 ,3  , and automatic plagiarism detection 4 ,5. Parameters for the random walk models were optimized via conjugate gradient with line search. Finally we show the performance of our evaluation method for five different search engine tests and compare the results with fully editorially judged ∆DCG. Further  , we would assume that if the experiment were reversed   , and we used as our test set a random sample from Google's query stream  , the results of the experiment would be quite different. We also implemented this scheme but did not observe any improvement in search quality  , compared to the random landmark selection scheme. With r > 0  , the partitioning property that we prove for our scheme allows for maintaining space and time efficiency while using whole seed sets instead of single node landmarks to approximate the distances. At first blush  , the problem seems deceptively easy: why not just replace usernames with random identifiers ? A higher order language model in general reduces perplexity  , especially when we compare the unigram models with the ngram models. Their model estimated the transition probabilities between two queries via an inner product-based similarity measurement. This result strongly indicates that we need to devise a new mechanism to " promote " new pages  , so that new pages have higher chance to be " discovered " by people and get the attention that they may deserve. The result shows that with our strategy of P.  , the statistical average query traffic is decreased by 37.78%. A chi-squared test found no significant difference in the number of participants beginning work across the nine conditions. In these experiments  , each account logs into Google and then browses 5 random pages from 50 demographically skewed websites each day. The search for a counter-example uses a simple random selection and is currently limited to methods without parameters. To this end  , one can segment user browsing behavior data into sessions  , and extract all " browse → search " patterns. In hybrid concolic testing  , we exploit the fact that random testing can take us in a computationally inexpensive way to a state in which state=9 and then concolic testing can enable us to generate the string ''reset'' through exhaustive search. Random search w as found only useful to check whether a given quality criterion is eeective on a speciic data set or not. The traversal of the suffix link to the sibling sub-tree and the subsequent search of the destination node's children require random accesses to memory over a large address space. Keyword search in databases has some unique characteristics   , which make the straightforward application of the random walk model as described in previous work 9  , 19  , 27  inadequate. In many retrieval settings  , high precision search is especially important because users are unlikely to scroll deep into a document ranking. And  , unlike Borgman's sample  , these instructors reported very idiosyncratic search practices ranging from almost random to more systematic patterns combining searching and browsing behaviors. The Random Projection Rtree addresses the problem by projecting all ellipsoids onto a fixed set of k randomly selected lines. Such highly nonuniform distributions of data points will significantly affect search performance. We decided to compare effective and random relative access rate for links with low rank on the top of the list and links with traffic-based cues. These two features are essentially one-step random walk features in a more general context 13. In our approach we represent the search for an expert as an absorbing random walk in a document-candidate graph. An additional lower bound based on randomly sorting the fused ranking was also measured. Binary independence results for a random database with the seed of 1985 are given in 3BS and 4BS  , while results for a two Poisson independence search are given in 3PS and 4PS. The TrackMeNot project 12   , for example   , inserts random queries into the stream of queries issued by a user  , with the intent of making it harder for a search engine company to determine a particular user's interests. However  , the more efficient compressors such as PH and RPBC are not that fast at searching or random decompression  , because they are not self-synchronizing. Neither do the similar queries retrieved via random walks SQ1 and SQ3 provide very useful expansion terms since most of the similar queries are simply different permutations of the same set of terms. Most of these approaches focus on enhancing user search experiences by providing related queries to expand searches 29. Random testing  , when used to find a test case for a specific testing target e.g. That said  , even if passive learning is enhanced using a keyword-selected seed or training set  , it is still dramatically inferior to active learning. A character-level FM-INDEX for a text can be stored in a fraction of the space occupied by the text itself  , and provides pattern search and with small overhead random-access decoding from any location in the text. In this paper  , we adopt the approach taken in 12  , where controlled queries are created  , as opposed to probabilistically generating random queries as suggested in 3 . In particular  , we propose a novel random walk model that incorporates the inferred search impact of pages into the standard connectivity-based page importance computation. 1Queries containing random strings  , such as telephone numbers — these queries do not yield coherent search results  , and so the latter cannot help classification around 5% of queries were of this kind. They are not specifically interested in image search  , however  , but use image data because it has features that suit the research questions on that paper. The query suggestion component involves random walks and can be configured to consider the most recent n queries. In the latter group  , a number of query synthesis methods exist  , either synthesizing new queries with active user participation  , or directly without any user input. The artificial data was generated as decribed in 2 from random cubic polynomials. In Fig.6we graph the average cost as a function of iteration for a random generated 10-station 1 00-train problem solving by local search with cycle detection. There are some that are designed for many dof manipulators based on random 2 Brownian motion  , sequential IO  backtracking with virtual obstacles  , or parallel 3 genetic opti-mization search. Content creator-owned tagging systems those without a collaborative component  , especially suffer from inconsistent and idiosyncratic tagging. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. a variable for the solving method. it contains only diagonal elements. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. Figure 5shows the experimental results. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. Clustered multi-index. We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. A T-Regular Expression is a regular expression over a triple pattern or an extended regular expression of the form  are regular expressions; if x and y are regular expressions  , then x  y  , x ⏐ y are also regular expressions. is one regular expression defined for the month symbol. Regular expression matching is naturally computationally expensive. -constrain paths based on the presence or absence of certain nodes or edges. If  , for example  , an ADT has a domain definition represented by the regular expression "name sex birthdate"  , then the ADT is a generalization of person because "name sex birthdate" is a subexpression of the expression "name sex birthdate address age deathdate which is a commutated expression of the domain-defining regular expression for person. For any regular expression  , we allow concatenation AND and plus OR to be commutative and define a commuted regular expression of regular expression e to be any regular expression that can be derived from e by a sequence of zero or more commutative operations. Otherwise   , we describe the properties in the regular expression format. XTM provides support for the entire PERL regular-expression set. So the extracted entities are from GATE  , list or regular expression matching. The regular expression specifies the characters that can be included in a valid token. If these strings are identical  , we directly present such string in the regular expression. We distinguish two types of path expressions: simple path expression SPE and regular path expression RPE. A content expression is simply a regular expression ρ over the set of tokens ∆. The PATTERN clause is similar to a regular expression. This is done by interpreting the regular expression as an expression over an algebra of functions. Since XQuery does not support regular path expressions  , the user must express regular path expressions by defining user-defined structurally recursive functions. In particular  , the occurrence of the regular expression operators concatenation  , disjunction +  , zero-or-one  ? But the problem of automatic regular expression grammar inference is known to be difficult and we generally cannot obtain a regular expression grammar using only positive samples 13  , like in our case. ADT a is an automatic aggregation of the list of ADTs b if and only if the regular expression that specifies the domain for ADT a is a commuted regular expression of the regular expression formed by concatenating the elements in the list of ADTs b. b: Here b is an ordered list of two or more ADTs. Yet easier  , PCRE the most widespread regular expression engine supports callouts 20   , external functions that can be attached to regular expression markers and are invoked when the engine encounter them. Thus  , each occurrence of the regular expression represents one data object from the web page. The second most matched rule is another regular expression that resulted in another 11% of the rule matches. For the sketched example the regular expression should allow any character instead of the accent leading to the regular expression " M.{1 ,2}ller " instead of solely " Müller " . As already noted  , a pure regular expression that expresses permutations must have exponential size. The code is inefficient because creating the regular expression is an expensive operation that is repeatedly executed. The obtained regular expression can be applied with the appropriate flags such as multi-line support and with appropriate string delimiters to instance pages to check for template matching. For example  , here is the regular expression for the " transmit " relationship between two Documents: Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. The implementation of the regular-expression matching module is described in more detail in the paper by Brodie  , Taylor  , and Cytron 5. This regular expression is then applied on the sentences extracted by the search engine for 2 purposes: i. * in popular regular expression syntaxes. For example  , the output of the function md5 is approximated with the regular expression  , 0-9a-f{32}  , representing 32- character hexadecimal numbers. We utilize regular expression matching for both sources of URLs. Each print statement has as argument a relational expression   , with possibly some free occurrences of attributes. For example  , while an expression can be defined to match any sequence of values that can be described by a regular expression  , the language does not provide for a more sophisticated notion of attribute value restrictions. For brevity  , we omit nodes in a regular expression unless required  , and simply describe path expressions in terms of regular expressions over edge labels. Regular expressions and XQuery types are naturally represented using trees. Quite complex textual objects can be specified by regular expressions. However  , the language model would often make mistakes that the regular expression classifier would judge correctly. The first regular expression to match defines the component parts of that section. Finally  , we summarize these properties in order to generate the regular expression. This subtext is then parsed and a regular expression generated. Extract all multi-word terms using the predefined regular expression rules. The latest comment prior to closing the pull request matches the regular expression above. for sequencing have their usual meaning. The XML specification requires regular expressions to be deterministic. Furthermore we utilized regular expressions  , adopted from Ritter et al. Extraction generates minimal nonoverlapping substrings. These patterns are expressed in regular expression. Synthetic expression generation. The construction resembles that of an automaton for a regular expression. SPE are path expressions that consist of only element or attribute names. As usual  , we write Lr for the language defined by regular expression r. The class of all regular expressions is actually too large for our purposes  , as both DTDs and XSDs require the regular expressions occurring in them to be deterministic also sometimes called one-unambiguous 15 . Or it may be possible that the required regular expression is too complicated to write. Most of the learning of regular languages from positive examples in the computational learning community is directed towards inference of automata as opposed to inference of regular expressions 5  , 43  , 48. Thus  , semantically  , the class of deterministic regular expressions forms a strict subclass of the class of all regular expressions. As Glusta also uses regular expressions when the user needs to specify additional fitness factors as in the HyperCast experiment  , we will investigate optimizations for our regular expression matching also. Moreover  , the preg_match function in PHP does not only check if a given input matches the given regular expression but it also computes all the substrings that match the parenthesized subexpressions of the given regular expression. Generally  , these regular expressions are interpreted exactly as in other semistructured query languages  , and the usual regular expression operations +  , *  ,  ? We first tried the regular-expression-based matching approach . To this end  , we generate and then try to apply two types of patterns  , expressed in terms of a regular expression: one is aimed at describing author names the element regular expression  , or EREG  , and the other aimed at describing groups of delimiters between names the glue characters regular expression or GREG. We attempt to extract author names both by means of matches of the generated EREG  , or extracting the text appearing in between two matches of a GREG. Two methods are also given for detecting the data flow anomalies without directly computing the regular expression for the paths. During evaluation of this expression  , the descriptor person would only match a label person on an edge. Like the generic relationship  , aggregation does not have a userdefined counterpart because the user must define aggregation in the syntax. Definition 5. All machines have a nonaccepting start-state. AutoRE 21 outputs regular expression signatures for spam detection. For the example mentioned above  , our code produces the regular expression fs.\.*\.impl. Empty string K is a valid regular expression. A regular expression r is single occurrence if every element name occurs at most once in it. Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. Three runs were submitted for the QA track. Works such as 7  , 29  , 23 use regular-expression-like syntax to denote event patterns. For every group  , a regular expression is identified. Deciding whether R is not restricted is NP- complete. The following regular expression describes all possibilities: By continuing in this manner  , an arbitrarily long connection can be sustained. For notational simplicity  , we assume that each regular expression in a conjunctive query Q is distinct. Regular expression inference. Hence for most of the paper we restrict ourselves to using approximate regular expression matching 15  , which can easily be specified using weighted regular transducers 9. A formalism regular expressions for tagged text  , RETT for developing such rules was created. This crude classifier of signal tweets based on regular expression matching turns out to be sufficient. A sample S covers a deterministic regular expression r if it covers the automaton obtained from S using the Glushkov construction for translating regular expressions into automata 14. One alternative considered in the design of XJ was to allow programmers the use of regular expression types in declarations. a feature that is supported by all major regular expression implementations and a posteriori checking for empty groups can be used to identify where i.e. The fourth column lists the feature on which the regular expression or gazetteer as the case may be is evaluated. Let's start with the weakest template class  , type 3 regular grammars 16The more common regular expression equivalent provides an easier way to think about regular templates. All 49 regular expressions were successfully derived by iDRegEx. Therefore  , we extend the regular expressions developed by Bacchelli et al 4  , 5 to the following regular expression code take the class named " Control " for the example: DragSource- Listener " . The OM regex contained 102 regular expressions of varying length. We apply  , in order of precedence  , this sequence of regular expressions to each token from the token sequence previously obtained  , giving us the symbol sequence: x1  , . By using the named entities already tagged in the document  , the system can create a number of actual regular expressions  , substituting suitable types into the ANSWER and OBJECT locations. A permutation expression is such an example. This generic representation is called a Navigation Pattern NP. The items are then extracted in a table format by parsing the Web page to the discovered regular patterns. Thus  , we will use regular expressions to specify the history component of a guard. However  , regular expressions are not very robust with respect to layout variations and structural changes that occur frequently in Web sites. Second  , some text may happen to match a regular expression by coincidence but still the document may fail to support the answer. Regular expressions were developed to pattern match sentence construction for common question types. Regular expressions REs are recursively defined as follows: every alphabet symbol a ∈ Σ is a regular expression. The first one accepts the regular language defined by the original path expression  , while the second one accepts the reversed language  , which is also regular. The regular expression rules are sensitive to text variations and the need for the user to come up with markup rules can limit GoldenGATE's application. One approach for automatic categorization is achieved by deriving taxonomy correspondences from given attribute values or parts thereof as specified via a regular expression pattern. All the suggestions provided by the spell-checker are matched with this regular expression  , and only the first one that matches is selected  , otherwise the mispelled word is left unchanged. Then an XPath with a regular expression that tests if all text snippets with this particular structure are marked up as dates is a suitable means to test whether or not the step that marks up dates has been executed. For our running example  , we obtain the three regular expressions: We further refer to the hostnames and IP addresses in HIC1. Hence  , we may end up with very large regular expressions. An XSD is single occurrence if it contains only single occurrence regular expressions. Consider  , for example  , the classifier that identifies SD. In other words  , each language described by a regular expression can also be generated by an appropriate grammar G∈C 3 and viceversa . For example  , in the regular expression person | employee.name ? A string path definition spd is a regular expression possibly containing some variables variable Y indicated by \varY  which appear in some concept predicate of the corresponding rule. The best regular expression in the candidate set C is now the deterministic one that minimizes both model and data encoding cost. Thus  , this regular expression is used. For instance  , the Alembic workbench 1 contains a sentence splitting module which employs over 100 regular-expression rules written in Flex. Contrarily  , the idea behind our solution is to focus on the input dataset and the given regular expression. The property verification is restricted to the users that belong to the specified class  , and that matches the regular expression in the scope of the property. For a regular expression r over elements   , we denote by r the regular expression obtained from r by replacing every ith a-element in r counting from left to right by ai. We therefore configured the Gigascope to only try the regular expression match for DirectConnect if the fixed offset fields match. This can be useful in representing word tokens that correspond to fields like Model and Attribute. In fact  , a regular expression may be a very selective kind of syntactical constraint  , for which large fraction of an input sequence may result useless w.r.t. If the regular expression matches an instance it is safe to return a validity assessment. We maintained a data store of basic regular expression formats  , suitable substitution types  , an allowable answer type  , and a generic question format for the particular rela- tion. Each operator takes a regular expression as an argument  , and the words generated by the expression serve as patterns that direct how lists should be shuffled together or picked apart. This regular-expression matching can be performed concurrently for up to 50 rules. A wildcard in a regular expression is associated in the SMA to a transition without a proper label: in other terms  , a transition that matches any signal  , and thus it fires at every iteration. Such a query can be encoded as a regular expression with each Ri combined using an " OR " clause and this regular expression based query can be issued as an advanced search to a search engine. The composite query is most useful when each Ri represents a specific aspect of the main query M and the individual supporting terms are not directly related. Context patterns are used to impose constraints on the context of an element. This corresponds to a standard HTML definition of links on pages. The difference is that the thing to be extracted is defined by the expression  , not the component itself. The teehnique's inspiration comes from the use of the regular expression for the paths in a program as a suitably interpreted A expression. One of the benefits of our visual notation is encapsulation. We note that xtract also uses the MDL principle to choose the best expression from a set of candidates. It is well-known that the permutation expression can be compacted a bit to exponential size but no further compaction is possible in regular expression notation. We will refer to a triple of such a regular expression and the source and destination nodes as a P-Expression e.g. Not every nondeterministic regular expression is equivalent to a deterministic one 15. A walk expression is a regular expression without union  , whose language contains only alternating sequences of node and edge types  , starting and ending with a node type. Concatenation   , alternation  , and transitive closure are interpreted as function composition  , union  , and function transitive closure respectfully. us* as part of a GRE query on a db-graph labelled with predicate symbol r. The following Datalog program P is that constructed from the expression tree of R. Consider the regular expression R = ~1 us . Theregn.larexptekonmustbechoseninsuchawaythat itdefinesaconnectedgtaph ,thatis ,apathtype. The regular expression is a simple example for an expression that would be applied to the content part of a message. The element content is constrained by a content expression   , that is  , a regular expression over element definitions. The offer expression stands out with relatively good precision for a single feature. We will generate candidate URL patterns by replacing one segment with a regular expression each time. From these  , URLs were extracted using a simple regular expression . We now define its semantics. The terminal symbols are primitive design steps. Our work is capable of locating more complex properties. For guard inference we choose a finite set of regular expression templates . We extracted around 8.8 million distinctive phone entity instances and around 4.6 million distinctive email entity instances. The regular expression in this example is a sequence of descriptors. ate substrings of the example values using the structure. One can express that a string source must match a given regular expression. This template can be utilized to identify other classes of transaction annotators. A key aspect in identifying patient cohorts is the resolution of demographic information. Comments represent a candidate items. Both can be applied for annotating a text document automatically. \Ye note that the inverse in the above expression exists a t regular points. It consisted of several regular expression operations without any loops or branches. We discuss the method used to obtain accepting regular expressions as well as the ranking heuristics below. xtract 31 is another regular expression learning system with similar goals. Example of the possible rule: person_title_np = listi_personWord src_  , hum_Cap2+ src_  , $setHUM_PERSON/2 Also  , they support the regular expression style for features of words. We apply the concepts of modular grammar and just-in-time annotation to RegExprewrite rules. We assign scores to each entity extracted  , and rank entities according to their scores. A text window surrounding the target citation  ,  We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. Moreover  , no elements are repeated in any of the definitions. Results are not displayed in the browser assistant but in the browser itself. Slurp|bingbot|Googlebot. The regular expression is evaluated over the document text. One path corresponds to one capturing group in the regular expression indicated with parentheses. For example  , the Gnutella data download signature can be expressed as: 'ˆServer:|User-Agent: \t*LimeWire| BearShare|Gnucleus|Morpheus|XoloX| gtk-gnutella|Mutella|MyNapster|Qtella| AquaLime|NapShare|Comback|PHEX|SwapNut| FreeWire|Openext|Toadnode' Due to the fact that it is expensive to perform full regular expression matches over all TCP payloads we exploit the fact that the required regular expression matches are of a limited variety. The argument to the PATH-IS function is a regular expression made up from operation names. Attk is a regular expression represented as a DFA. The sentence chains displayed include a node called notify method. Match chooses a set of paths from the semistructure that match a user-given path regular expression . They are extracted based on a set of regular expression rules. The other characters are used as delimiters between tokens. Internal link checks are not yet implemented. Finally  , all other numbers are identified with an in-house system based on regular expression grammars. Possible patterns of references are enumerated manually and combined into a finite automaton. Intent generation and ranking. Nonetheless  , POS tags alone cannot produce high-quality results. By correlating drive-by download samples  , we propose a novel method to generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs to detect drive-by downloads. A conversation specification for S is a specification S e.g. Therefore we believe that the required amount of manual work for developers is rea- sonable. However  , this approach ends up being very inefficient due to the implementation of preg_match in PHP. Thus  , the developer decides to perform a regular expression query for *notif*. Generating the full question was done in the following way: We start with the original question. We also write some regular expression to match some type of entities . Further  , suppose that this tool uses regular expression patterns to recognize dates based on their distinctive syntactical structure. A regular expression domain can infer a structure of $0-9 ,Parsing is easy because of consistent delimiter. We now detail the procedure used to generate a pattern that represents a set of URLs. 19  , it says regular expression matching is a large portion of the Reflexion Model's performance. In the first attempt  , we defined three different detection methods: maximum entropy  , regular expression  , and closed world list. Note: schema:birthDate and schema:deathDate are derived from the same subfield using the supplied regular expression. The GoldenGATE editor natively provides basic NLP functionality like gazetteer Lists and Regular Expression patterns. REFERENCE The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Match Generation: There are two ways of doing matching: 1 Regular-expression-based matching: Generate a regular expression from the vulnerability signature automaton and then use the PHP function preg_match to check if the input matches the generated regular expression  , or 2 Automata-simulation-based matching: Generate code that  , given an input string  , simulates the vulnerability signature automaton to determine if the input string is accepted by the vulnerability signature automaton  , i.e. Second  , the editing is often conditional on the surrounding context. Moves consist of matching case  , matching whole word  , Boolean operator  , wild card  , and regular expression. The distribution of hosts in the initial URL set are illustrated in Figure 2 . Rewrite Operation and Normalization Rule. For a variable  , we can specify its type or a regular expression representing its value. We build a system called ARROW to automatically generate regular expression signatures of central servers of MDNs and evaluate the effectiveness of these signa- tures. Compared to these methods   , ARROW mainly differentiates itself by detecting a different attack a.k.a  , drive-by download. The generated predicate becomes two kinds of the following. Cho and Rajagopalan build a multigram index over a corpus to support fast regular expression matching 9 . defined in Section II-D with each g re from the set of regular expression templates RELib˜pRELib˜ RELib˜p . This involves redefining how labels are matched in the evaluation of an expression . These candidate phrases could eventually turn out to be true product names. * ?/ in Perl regular expression syntax for the abbreviation î that is used to search a database of known inflected forms of Latin literature. on a Wikipedia page are extracted by means of a recursive regular expression. The quantifier defines how many nodes within the set must be connected to the single node by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. For clarity we used the types regular-dvd and discount-dvd rather than the cryptic types dvd 1 and dvd 2 of Example 3. Regular expressions can express a number of strings that the be language cannot  , but be types can be generated from type recognizers that can be far more complex than regular expressions. Moreover  , we show that each regular XPATH expression can be rewritten to a sequence of equivalent SQL queries with the LFP operator. Intuitively  , a dvd element is a regular-dvd discount-dvd when its parent label is regulars discounts; its content model is then determined by the regular expression title price title price discount. The quantifier defines to how many nodes from the set the single node must be connected by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. The quantifiers define how many nodes from within the " left " set must be connected to how many nodes from the " right " set by a path conforming to the regular language LpRq. However  , RML provides in addition an operator for transitive closure  , an operator for regular-expression matching   , and operators for comparison of relations  , but does not include functions. In general  , l in Definition 3.1 could be a component of a generalized path expression  , but we have simplified the definition for presentation purposes in this paper. To define when a region in a tokenized table T is valid with respect to content expression ρ  , let us first introduce the following order on coordinates. ε and ∅ are two atomic regular expressions denoting empty string and empty set resp. In practice  , many regular expression guards of transactions are vacuous leading to a small number of partitions. An attribute condition is a triple specifying a required name  , a required value a string  , or in case the third parameter is regvar  , a regular expression possibly containing some variables indicated by \var  , and a special parameter exact  , substr or regvar  , indicating that the attribute value is exactly the required string  , is a superstring of it  , or matches the given regular expression  , respectively. However  , allowing edit operations such as insertions of symbols and inverted symbols indicated by using '−' as a superscript to the symbol and corresponding to matching an edge in the reverse direction  , each at an assumed cost of 1  , the regular expression airplane can be successively relaxed to the regular expression name − · airplane · name  , which captures as answers the city names of Temuco and Chillan. In particular all of the signatures we need to evaluate can be expressed as stringset1. To do this  , we used a regular expression to check the mention of contexts in the document – that is  , the pair city  , state mentioned above –  , along with another regular expression checking if the city was mentioned near another state different from the target state. In this section we will introduce the notion of the approximate automaton of a regular expression R: the approximate automaton of R at distance d  , where d is an integer  , accepts all strings at distance at most d from R. For any regular expression R we can construct an NFA M R to recognise LR using Thompson's construction. Thus we have arrived at the following method for detecting anomalies in a program with flowchart G. Let R be the regular expression for the paths in G. R may be mapped into an expression E in A where the node identifiers are replaced by the elements of A that represent the variable usage. Paraphrasing  , INSTANCE matches each optional sequence of arbitrary characters ¥ w+ tagged as a determiner DT  , followed optionally by a sequence of small letters a-z + tagged as an adjective JJ  , followed by an expression matching the regular expression denoted by PRE  , which in turn can be optionally followed by an expression matching the concatenation of MID and POST. The outcome is that entities which share the same normal form characterized by a sequence of token level regular expressions may all be grouped together. Definition 2. This generic representation  , is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. This generic representation is a list of regular expressions  , where each regular expression represents the links occurring in a page the crawler has to follow to reach the target pages. Since deterministic regular expressions like a * define infinite languages  , and since every non-empty finite language can be defined by a deterministic expression as we show in the full version of this paper 9  , it follows that also the class of deterministic regular expressions is not learnable in the limit. Recall that the PATH-IS function accepts an argument which is a regular expression  , say R. It turns out that it has an implicit formal parameter s which is a string made up by concatenating integers between 1 and m. Therefore  , the PATH-IS function really denotes the following question: Does s belong to the regular set R ? We are however not interested in abstract structures like regular expressions   , but rather in structures in terms of user-defined domains . In contrast  , the methods in 9  first generate a finite automaton for each element name which in a second step is rewritten into a concise regular expression. In the current framework  , using XPath as a pattern language  , the SDTD of Example 3 is equivalent to the following schema: Here  , Types = {discount-dvd  , regular-dvd}. An SDTD is restrained competition iff all regular expressions occurring in rules restrain competi- tion. The present paper presents a method to reliably learn regular expressions that are far more complex than the classes of expressions previously considered in the literature. Without loss of generality   , we assume that the server name is always given as a single regular expression. That is  , each of these normalization rules takes as input a single token and maps it to a more general class  , all of which are accepted by the regular expression. Each rule is represented by a regular expression  , and to the usual set of operators we added the operator →  , simple transduction  , such that a → b means that the terminal symbol a is transformed into the terminal symbol b. In order to study whether those results are meaningful  , we pick the regular expression CPxxAI as an example and search sequence alignments where the pattern appears. The edit operations which we allow in approximate matching are insertions  , deletions and substitutions of symbols  , along with insertions of inverted symbols corresponding to edge reversals and transpositions of adjacent symbols  , each with an assumed cost of 1. Keeping this in mind  , we briefly cite the well-known inductive definition of the set of regular expressions EXP T over an alphabet T and their associated languages: Now we are ready for motivating our choice to capture the semantics of ODX by regular grammars. To round out the OM regex  , regular expressions that simulate misspellings by vowel substitutions e.g. For write effects  , we give the starting points for both objects and the regular expressions for the paths. A good analogy for path summarization is that of representing the set of strings in a regular language using a regular expression. Due to the lack of real-world data  , we have developed a synthetic regular expression generator that is parameterized for flexibility. Examples of patterns that we used are given below using the syntax of Java regular expressions 9: Essentially  , these patterns match titles that contain phrases such as " John Smith's home page "   , " Lenovo Intranet "   , or " Autonomic Computing Home " . By considering traces that are beyond the current historical data  , the ranking criteria rank impl and rank lkl encourage the reuse of regular expressions across multiple events in the mined specification. Column and table names can be demoted into column values using special characters in regular expressions; these are useful in conjunction with the Fold transform described below. In 45   , several approaches to generate probabilistic string automata representing regular expressions are proposed. As an example  , figure references in the example collection see Figure 3 are 5-digit numbers which are easily recognizable by a simple regular expression. The authors showed that in general case finding all simple paths matching a given regular expression is NP-Complete  , whereas in special cases it can be tractable. We focus on the least powerful grammar category C 3 and the corresponding language category  , which has been shown to be equal to the one defined by the regular expression formalism. We generate the domain names for the hostnames and replace HIC1 using the domain names and IP addresses to get the regular expression signatures. Briefly  , the simplest and most practical mechanism for recognizing patterns specified using regular expressions is a Finite State Machine FSM. Specifically  , positive pattern matches are carefully constructed regular expression patterns and gazetteer lookups while negative pattern matches are regular expressions based on the gazetteer. The path search uses the steps from the bidirectional BFS to grow the frontiers of entities used to connect paths. Such queries can be implemented using the general FORSEQ clause by specifying the relevant patterns i.e. Figure 7shows the distribution of question deletion initiator moderator or author on Stack Overflow. Christian   , Liberal  , sometimes we had to use regular expression matching to extract the relevant information. For the above example  , the developers compute the regular expression once and store it into a variable: The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The Operator calculates which HTTP requests should have their responses bundled and is called when the Tester matches a request. Finally  , the Analyzer generates code for the Operator that uses the regular expression http://weather ?city=. The input to this pre-condition computation will be a DFA that accepts the attack strings characterized by the regular expression given above. tion is equally likely and the probability to have zero or one occurrences for the zero-or-one operator  ? Our position is that the declarations needed for regular expression types are too complex  , with little added practical value in terms of typing.  The output of some string operations is reasonably approximated by a regular expression. Our analyzer dynamically constructs the transducers described above for a grammar with regular expression functions and translates it into a context-free grammar. For some applications  , the running time performance of the SSNE detector can be a crucial factor. Next  , we replace the digits in the candidate with a special character and obtain a regular expression feature. LAt extracts titles from web pages and applies a carefully crafted set of regular expression patterns to these titles. In order to identify class names in the first group  , we can additionally match different parts of the package name of the class in documents. Label matching in existing semistructured query languages is straightforward. An alternative query expression mechanism appeared in 3  , where regular expressions were used to represent mobility patterns. As such  , any mapping from histories to histories that can be specified by an event expression can be executed by a finite automaton. Bindings link to a PatternParameter and a value through the :parameter and :bindingValue properties respectively. We also allow for approximate answers to queries using approximate regular expression matching. Further examples are shown in Figure 2. No suggestion provided by the spell-checker matches the regular expression generated by aligned outputs  , thus the word is correctly left unchanged. The creation and distribution of potentially new publicly available information on Twitter is called tweeting. 7+ is the operator of a regular expression meaning at least one occurrence. Regular path expression. By conjuncting these expressions together  , we obtain a regular expression with conjunctions that expresses permutations and has size On2. That is  , when 2T-INF derives the corresponding SOA no edges are missing. If f was neither a proposition nor a structured pattern  , we checked how many content words in f had appeared in previous features. In addition there are 9 lexicon lists including: LastNames  , FirstNames  , States  , Cities  , Countries  , JobTitles  , CompanyNameComponents  , Titles   , StreetNameComponents. These patterns are written in a regular-expression-like language where tokens can be: Resporator runs after the previously described annotators   , so quantities that the other annotators detect can be represented as quantities in the Resporator patterns. For SD the only feature of interest is the objecttext – i.e. The parsers are regular expression based and capable of parsing a single operation. Finally  , a sequence of upper characters in the fullname UN is compared to a sequence of upper characters in the abbreviations. For instance  , unless in expert mode  , options that require a regular expression to be entered are suppressed. LSP is composed of lexical entries  , POS tag  , semantic category and their sequence  , and is expressed in regular expression. For example  , a grammar " Figure 1explains the procedures to determine the expected answer type of an input question. We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. Tools that create structural markup may rely on statistical models or rules referring to detail markup. Age and gender: Regular expression are used to extract and normalize age and gender information from the documents and queries. We present a relatively simple QA framework based on regular expression rewriting. An example is given below: The outcome is a value close to 1 if the tweet contains an high level of syntactically incorrect content. For Japanese  , we use a regular expression to match sentence endings  , as these patterns are more well defined than in English. Allowing Variables. The optimization applied to avoid such performance issues is to store the results of the computation for later reuse  , e.g. The regular expression on line 546 reflects this specification: '\w' represents word characters word characters include alphanumeric characters  , '_'  , and '. Christensen et al. The nonterminals Attr and RelVar refer to any RML identifier; StrLit is a string literal; and regex is a Unix regular expression. anchor elements contain a location specifier LocSpec 17  typically identifying a text selection with a regular expression. Annotations are implemented as anchors with a PSpec that describes the type popup  , replace  , prefix   , postfix and text of the annotation. Moreover  , these are expressed by the data type and the regular expression of XML schema. The multigram index is an inverted index that includes postings for certain non-English character sequences. The main instances of static concept location are regular expression matching  , dependency search 2  , and informational retrieval IR techniques 10. For patterns longer than 50 characters  , this version never reported a match. For example  , the user can provide an alternating template representing the regular expression ab *   , a program  , and an alphabet of possible assignments. Composition operators can be seen as deening regular expressions on a set of sequence diagrams  , that will be called references expressions for SDs. This means that the server might specify the regular expression deliver sell* destroy sell "   , with suitable restrictions on the sell method's time. An event pattern is an ordered set of strings representing a very simple form of regular expression. pred is a function returning a boolean. We already mentioned that xtract 31 also utilizes the Minimum Description Length principle. In an extreme  , but not uncommon case  , the sample does not even entirely cover the target expression. For domains with wildcards  , the associated virtual host must use a regular expression that reflects all possible names. Both their and our analyzers first extract a grammar with string operations from a program. The input specification is given as a regular expression and describes the set of possible inputs to the PHP program. In this section  , we illustrate our string analyzer by examples. Then  , we can check whether the context-free language obtained by the analyzer is disjoint with this set. To give the reader some idea  , the regular expression used for phone number detection in Y! We use capital Greek letters Ξ and Ψ as placeholders for one of the above defined quantifiers. Here are some examples from our knowledge base: These patterns are expressed in regular expression. There is some useless information about patients' personal detail in the last part of each report  , so we also use regular expression to get and delete them. The resulting plain text is tokenized using a regular expression that allows words to include hyphens and numeric characters. To reduce the size of our vocabulary  , we ignore case and remove stopwords . We have extensively tested all of these in extracting links in scholarly works. These keyword-list RegExps are compiled manually from various sources. Splitting is made by asking whether a selected feature matches a certain regular expression involving words  , POS and gaps occurring in the TREC-11 question. The system finally classifies a visit as male or female. In test phase  , the sentences retrieved are spitted into short snippets according to the splitting regular expression " ,|-| " and all snippets length should be more than 40. In contrast to our approach  , the xtract systems generates for every separate string a regular expression while representing repeated subparts by introducing Kleene-*. We use the following approach: we start by generating a representative sample set for a regular expression . More specifically  , it first identifies all the AB-paths L 1   , . This syntactical variety of references is represented using an or operator in the regular expression. The results also show that the regular expression and statistical features e.g. Evidentiality We study a simple measure of evidentiality in RAOP posts: the presence of an image link within the request text detected by a regular expression. To improve the generalization ability of our model  , we introduce a second type of features referred to as regular expression regex features: However  , this can cause overfitting if the training data is sparse. Soubbotin and Soubbotin 18 mention different weights for different regular expression matches  , but they did not describe the mechanism in detail nor did they evaluate how useful it is. The confidence of a noun phrase is computed using a modified version of Eq. The path expressions can be formed with the use of property names  , their inverses  , classes of properties  , and the usual collection of regular expression operators. As ongoing research  , it is intended to compare the results of the different detection approaches. To display the according occurrence count behind each term i.e. Documents are segmented into sentences and all sentences from relevant documents are used as nuggets in the learning procedure. and at singular points of codimension 1. provided vector U has components outside the column space of the Jacobian. As concepts are nouns or noun phrases in texts  , only word patterns with the NP tag are collected. Such techniques do not really capture any regularity in the paths within a DOM tree. The method is named SMA-FC  , and it performs a number of scans of the database equals to the number of states of the given regular expression. Allowing variables in our method is achieved by maintaining for each token the list of variables instantiated that it contains. First  , the string being searched for is often not constant and instead requires regular expression matching. The W3C recommendation for HTML attributes specifies that white space characters may separate attribute names from the following '=' character. designed regular expression types for strings in a functional language with a type system that could handle certain programming constructs with greater precision than had been done before 23. the usual queries that a developer would enter in a search engine. One element name is designated as the start symbol. The coverage of a target regular expression r by a sample S is defined as the fraction of transitions in the corresponding Glushkov automaton for r that have at least one witness in S. Definition 6. In Section 5 we will discuss a possible spectrum of validators . at which character position  an expected markup structure is missing. So a different regular expression needs to be developed for every target language and region. For example  , the following example  , in the pseudo-regular expression notation of a fictional template engine  , generates a <br> separated list of users: The surprising fact is that these minimal templates can do a lot. We consider detection of cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PHP programs as the first application of our analyzer. Many works on key term identification apply either fixed or regular expression POS tag patterns to improve their effectiveness . After pruning these signatures with S benign1   , ARROW produced 2  , 588 signatures including the examples presented in Table 4.  The MOP solution can be generated from its definitioa by using the regular expression for the paths. Interestingly  , the example in 27 actually states that 'Lafter destruction  , earlier transfers sales can still be recorded " . Figure 8shows two examples of the kind of regular expression that our analyses accept as input; to conserve space we have elided the JNI strings used to define calls based on signatures. In terms of the operations discussed in Section 3.2  , the variable has the following mean- ing. Collapse combines the properties in labels along a path to create a new label for the entire path. The combinator accepts a sequence of such parsers and returns a new parser as its output. Regular expression patterns are used to identify tags  , references  , figures  , tables  , and punctuations at the beginning or the end of a retrieved passage in order to remove them. To solve the former  , they use a simple regular expression matching strategy  , which does not scale. Note that  , some references may have been cited more than once in the citing papers. An age-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for the identification of de-identified age groups mentioned in visits. Since such expressions often have many variations  , we used regular expressions rather than exhaustive enumeration to extract them from the text. If f was a structured pattern  , we checked if previous features used the same regular expression. The regular expression for word specifies a non-empty sequence of alphanumerics  , hyphens or apostrophes  , while the sentence recognize simply looks for a terminating period  , question mark  , or exclamation point. All the other classes use internal recognize functions. For example  , the atleast operator provides a compact representation of repetitions that seems natural even to someone not familiar with regular expression notation.  The percentage of white space from the first non-white space character on can separate data rows from prose. This is a database querying facility  , with regular expression search on titles  , comments and URLs. Notice that a regular expression has an equivalent automaton. These ngram structures can be captured using the following regular expression: Feature Extraction: Extract word-ngram features where n > 1 using local and global frequency counts from the entire transcript. To date  , no transparent syntactical equivalent counterpart is known. Definition 1.   , zero-or-more  *   , and oneor-more  +  in the generated expressions is determined by a user-defined probability distribution. Our internal typing rules are predicated on the stronger typing system of XML Schema. Some P2P applications are now using encryption. This generates more than 1000 examples positive set in this corpus. We also performed experiments to understand the effect of contextual and regular expression features; the combined set performs best  , as expected. The operation model offers guidelines for representing behavioral aspects of a method or an operation in terms of pre-and post-conditions. The size of the regular expression generated from the vulnerability signature automaton can be exponential in the number of states of the automaton 10. More details and limitations of this approach appear in the related work. This query sets up a variable Name that ranges over the terminal nodes of paths that match the regular expression movie.stars.name. A total of 168 ,554 citation contexts were extracted from the full-text publications by using regular expression   , which come from unique 93 ,398 references. Usually  , such patterns take into account various alternative formulations of the same query. Still  , the results are indicative for our purposes. Candidate phrases are phrases that match a pre-defined set of regular expression patterns. According to the age division standard released by the United Nations we make age into 12 categories. For example  , chapter/section*/title is expressed as a finite automaton and hence structurally recursive functions in Figure 11. prepend d to all structures enumerated above } Figure 4:  with values of constant length. The description length for values using a structure often reduces when the structure is parameterized. We provide built-in functions for common operations like regular-expression based substitutions and arithmetic operations  , but also allow user defined functions. Taken together  , our approach works as follows. A complex query may be transformed into an expression that contains both regular joins and outerjoins. of edge labels is a string in the language denoted by the regular expression R appearing in Q. However  , in ARC-programs what is more important is the means by which bindings are propagated in rules. A possibility is to create a regular expression using the recipes as examples. Therefore  , we replace the equivalence with a weaker condition of similarity. The text part of a message can be quallfled aocordlng to a regular expressIon of strlngs words  , oomblnatlons of words present In them. In this section we employ a graph-rewriting approach to transform a SOA to a SORE. We do not address xtract as Table 1already shows that even for small data sets xtract produces suboptimal results. Approximately 100 simple regular expression features were used  , including IsCapitalized  , All- Caps  , IsDigit  , Numeric  , ContainsDash  , EndsInPeriod  , ConstainsAtSign  , etc. The test document collection is more than one hundred thousand electronic medical reports. Useful information  , including name  , homepage  , rate and comment  , should be separated from web pages by regular expression. Then  , a regular expression is used to extract all abbreviations from the articles. The two NLP tools required by this system are: recognition of basic syntactic phrases  , i.e. Each pattern comprises a regular expression re and a feature f . For example  , the first row describes an example pattern to identify candidate transactional objects . Since the documents are all strictly formatted  , the regular expression based ontology extraction rules can be summarized by the domain experts as well. In addition  , it extends the lexica dynamically as it finds new taxonomic names in the documents. Second  , user-defined external ontologies can be integrated with the system and used in concept recognition. The regular expression extractor acts in a similar way as the name extractor. They are intended to specify the semantics of the path between a pair of resources. Our approach enables users to use whatever tools they are comfortable using. Operator  , Resource  , Property or Class and the optional :constraintPattern for a regular expression constraint on the parameter values. counting support for possible valid patterns. First  , it can be difficult to find a valid replacement value for a non-Boolean configuration option  , such as a string or regular expression. The editor can convert the symptom into a regular expression  , thereby stripping out all the irrelevant parts of the symptom. The life-cycle model uses a regular expression whose alphabet reprc· sents a set of events. In these cases  , we suggest that the user should consider data consistency check as an alternative. The domain specification thus defines a value set for an ADT. The ARROW system applies regular expression signatures to match URLs in HTTPTraces. For each regular expression in RT  we construct the corresponding nondeterministic finite automaton NDFA using Thomson's construction 13. If none of the above heuristics identifies a merge  , we mark the pull request as unmerged. The regular expression code for matching each part of package names is: This method can also be used to identify classes sharing the same name but belonging to two different packages. The usual valid sequence would be captured by the regular expression deliver sell " destroy . More detail about the concerns selected is available elsewhere 9. But even these cannot always be used to split unambiguously. However  , to capture semantics  , an expression language is needed  , such as some form of logic predicate calculus  , description logic  , algebra relational algebra  , arithmetic  , or formal language regular expressions  , BNF. PROOF: By reduction from the problem of deciding whether a regular expression does not denote 0'  , which is shown to be NP-complete in StMe731. These fields were identified using regular expression and separated using end of the section patterns. In addition to the regular expression syntax  , means for accessing WordNet and statistical PPA resolver plugins were introduced. Then  , we take all combination of continuous snippets as candidate answer sentences. The following regular expression list is a sample of answer patterns to question type " when_do_np1_vp_np2 " . We modified the scoring scripts to provide both strict and lenient scores. 10 reported an ontology-based information extraction system  , MultiFlora. Among other things  , NeumesXML includes a regular-expression grammar that decides whether NEUMES transcriptions are 'well-formed'. We then wrote a regular expression rules to extract all possible citations from paper's full text. However  , they do not deal with the latter problem  , suggesting further investigation as future work. Question type classification was done using a regular expression based classifier and LingPipe was used as the named entity recogniser. Figure 3depicts an example of a finite automaton for both references to an article in a journal and a book.   , two extraction components for non-ontological entities have been implemented: person name extractor for Finnish language and regular expression extractor. To avoid unnecessary traversals on the database during the evaluation of a path expression  , indexing methods are introduced 15  , 16. Consider finding the corresponding decade for a given year. the given regular expression R patterns contained in the sequence. To handle these kind of patterns we must allow wildcards in the regular expression. In 14  , the authors present the X-Scan operator for evaluating regular path expression queries over streaming XML data. The inference module identifies the naming parts of the clustered join points  , forms a regular expression for each set of naming parts  , and finally outputs the pointcut expression by combining the individual expressions with the pointcut designator generated by the designator identifier. The inference module also provides an additional testing mechanism to verify the strength of the inferred pointcuts. The history in the context of which an event expression is evaluated provides the sequence of input symbols to the automaton implementing the event expression. With these operations  , the regular expression can be treated just like an arithmetic expression to generate the summary function  , which was done to generate the table of solution templates in Appendix B. The query language is based on a hyperwalk algebra with operations closed under the set of hyperwalks. However  , there is one important restriction of such XPath views: The XPath expression in the comparison has to be exactly the same as the view XPath expression. For example  , if the question category is COUNTRY  , then a regular expression that contains a predefined list of country names is fetched  , and all RegExp rewriting is applied to matches. The latter quantity is defined as the length of the regular expression excluding operators  , divided by its kvalue . This expression can be evaluated to a mathematical formula which represents any arbitrary reachability property. In order to translate an extended selection operation u7 ,ee into a regular algebraic expression  , we have to break down the operation into parts  , thereby reducing the complexity of the selection predicate $. Future work will employ full multi-lingual and diverse temporal expression tagging  , such as that provided by HeidelTime 11  , to improve coverage and accuracy. Daws' approach is restricted to formulae without nested probabilistic operators and the outcoming regular expression grows quickly with the number of states composing the DTMC n logn . Given a regular expression pattern and a token sequence representing the web page  , a nondeterministic  , finite-state automaton can be constructed and employed to match its occurrences from the string sequences representing web pages. We experimentally address the question of how many example strings are needed to learn a regular expression with crx and iDTD. By precalculating the path expression  , we do not have to perform the join at query time. If we could store the results of following the path expression through a more direct path shown in Figure 2b  , the join could be eliminated: SELECT A.subj FROM predtable AS A  , WHERE A.author:wasBorn = ''1860'' Using a vertically partitioned schema  , this author:wasBorn path expression can be precalculated and the result stored in its own two column table as if it were a regular property. The expression E is then evaluated to determine whether or not a data flow anomaly exists. To estimate the selectivity of a query path expression using a summarized path tree  , we try to match the tags in the path expression with tags in the path tree to find all path tree nodes to which the path expression leads. For example  , for the context Springfield  , IL  , we would include in its corresponding sub-collection all the documents where Springfield and IL are mentioned and only spaces or commas are in between  , however  , a document would not be valid if  , besides Springfield  , IL  , it also contains Springfield  , FL. The operator  , called Topic Closure  , starts with a set X of topics  , a regular expression of metalink types  , and a relation M representing metalinks M involving topics  , expands X using the regular expression and metalink axioms  , and terminates the closure computations selectively when " derived " sideway values of newly " reached " topics either get sufficiently small or are not in the top-k output tuples. That is  , the derived topic importance values get smaller than a threshold V t or are guaranteed not to produce top-k-ranking output tuples. Let lt and ls be two leaf nodes matched by two distinct tokens t and s. The node a that is the deepest common ancestor of lt and ls defines a regular expression that matches t and s. The complete procedure for generating an URL pattern is described in Figure 7  , where the symbol "  " is used to denote the string concatenation operation. Now  , let us consider the evaluation of assertions which involve the use of the PATH-IS function. If there happen to be seven consecutive ups in the history  , SVL will report this single subsequence of length 7 whereas the regular expression would report six different largely overlapping subsequences; there would be three subsequences of length 5  , two subsequences of length 6  , as well as the entire subsequence of length 7. If a regular expression matched one or more paragraphs  , those paragraphs were extracted for further feature engineering. To infer a DTD  , for example  , it suffices to derive for every element name n a regular expression describing the strings of element names allowed to occur below n. To illustrate  , from the strings author title  , author title year  , and author author title year appearing under <book> elements in a sample XML corpus  , we could derive the rule book → author + title year ? that map type names to regular expressions over pairs at  of element names a and type names t. Throughout the article we use the convention that element names are typeset in typewriter font  , and type names are typeset in italic. This led us to develop a dynamic substitution system  , whereby a generic regular expression was populated at runtime using the tagged contents of the sentence it was being applied to. The improvement in 16 requires n 3 arithmetic operations among polynomials  , performing better than 11 in most practical cases  , although still leading to a n logn long expression in the worst case. In the right-hand side expression of an assignment  , every identifier must either be a relation variable and have been previously assigned a relation  , or it must be a string variable and have been previously assigned a string  , or it must be an attribute that is quantified or occurs free. This is done by converting the distinguished paths of e1 and e2 to regular expressions  , finding their intersection using standard techniques 21  , and converting the intersection back to an XPath expression with the qualifiers from e1 and e2 correctly associated with the merged steps in the intersection. We can learn an extraction expression  , specifically the regular expression E 1 = α·table·tr·td·font * ·p * ·b·p * ·font *   , from these two paths. For example  , the candidate patterns for URL1 are http : Step 2: To determine whether a segment should be generalized  , we accumulate all candidate patterns over the URL database. Note that when these values get instantiated they behave as terminals. Question mark applied to an atom  , e.g. In addition the iterative method may be used in conjunction with the prime program decomposition to find the data flow value for those prime programs for which the regular expression has not been pre- computed. The function stop_xss removes these three cases with the regular expression replacements on lines 531  , 545  , and 551  , respectively. The domain specification is a regular expression whose atoms are ADTs in the library or ADT instantiation parameters of the ADT being defined. Let us assume that the attack pattern for this vulnerability is specified using the following regular expression Σ * < Σ * where Σ denotes any ASCII character. For automatic relevance labels we use the available regular expression answer patterns for the TREC factoid questions. result page  , but depending on the scenario more powerful languages may be needed that take the DOM tree structure of the HTML or even the layout of the rendered page into account. The designated start symbol has only one type associated with it. To summarize  , we propose to replace the UPA and EDC constraint in the XML Schema specification by the robust notion of 1PPT. One of the first works to address abusive language was 21  which used a supervised classification technique in conjunction with n-gram  , manually developed regular expression patterns  , contextual features which take into account the abusiveness of previous sentences. This step uses Bro 27  , whose signature matching engine generates a signature match event when the packet payload matches a regular expression that is specified for a particular rule. Christensen  , Møller and Schwartzbach developed a string analyzer for Java  , which approximates the value of a string expression with a regular language 7. Unrestricted templates are extremely powerful  , but there is a direct relationship between a template's power and its ability to entangle model and view. This would also allow to attach other messaging back-ends such as the Java Messaging Service JMS or REST based services 11. This operation eliminates redundant central servers without compromising their coverage  , and thus reduces the total number of signatures and consequently computationally expensive  , regular expression matching operations. We have shown that the regular expression signatures have a very low false positive rate when compared to a large number of high reputation sites. If we enclose lower-level patterns in parentheses followed by the symbol " * "   , the pattern becomes a union-free regular expression without disjunction  , i.e. states from which no final states can be reached. The second part of the regular expression corresponds to random English words added by the attacker to diversify the query results. Transitions t chk0 and t chk1 detect the condition under which the matching cannot continue e.g. The developer can begin investigating efficiency in an implementation of the OBSERVER pattern using this kind of query by searching for the regular expression *efficien* to capture nouns involved with both efficiency and inefficiency  , such as efficient  , efficiency  , inefficient  , and inefficiency. An obvious limitation of this presentation is a lack of context for a sentence matching a query. The user may also be able to assist in narrowing down the alphabet used for obtaining the basic regular expression library. It would be easy to retrieve that path by using an appropriate regular expression over the name property in each label e.g. Typically  , ÅÅØØØ first chooses a set of paths that match some regular expression  , then the paths are collapsed  , and a property is coalesced from the collapsed paths. However  , if the specified transforms are directly applied on the input data  , many transforms such as regular-expression-based substitutions and some arithmetic expressions cannot be undone unambiguously – there exist no " compensating " transforms. XTM includes three search functionalities to address the needs of a real-world search system: exact matching  , approximate matching  , and regular expression matching. The result was a large number of question classes with very few instances in them. Finally  , it produces and returns the resulting regular expression based on case 4 line 17. loading a page from its URL  , with a 'caching page loader'  , and respectively finding list of URLs from a page with a 'link finder'  , itself an instantiation of a domain-tailored regular expression matching service but we do not show this decomposition. The following are 2 examples of such patterns for age and  , respectively  , ethnicity classification: We were able to determine the ethnicity of less than 0.1% users and to find the gender of 80%  , but with very low accuracy . We use regular expression and query patterns or incorporate user-supplied scripts to match and create terms. In more complex cases  , methods of machine learning can be deployed to infer entity annotation rules. Despite its relatively short history  , eXist has already been successfully used in a number of commercial and non-commercial projects. The matching check is performed using a non-deterministic finite state machine FSM technique similar to that used in regular expression matching 26. Each secondary structure is input to the FSM one character at a time until either the machine enters a final matching state or it is determined that the input sequence does not match the query sequence. The snapshot  , in contrast  , requires heavy computation even for TempIndex. These common data types are used across different domains and only require one-time static setup– e.g. The highways themselves are defined to be paths over section M@!LEtWltidythe~~behiaddrekeywordoSiS a regular expression &fining a path type which in turn describesasetofpathsofthedambasegraph. Pathtypes alemaeintereshingwheadiff~ttofedgesoccluin agraph. Wewillseeexamplesandamoreprecisedefinition below. The rule based systems use manually built rules which are usually encoded in terms of regular expression grammars supplemented with lists of abbreviations  , common words  , proper names  , etc. We then extracted noun phrases by running a shallow part of speech tagger191  , and labeling as a noun phrase any groups of words of length less than six which matched the regular expression NounlAdjective*Noun. For purposes of this research white space is any character matching the regular expression " \s " as defined in the Java pattern class. For the non-number entities  , a regular expression is used for each class to search the text for entities. The product class  , in itself  , is a heterogeneous mix of multiple classes  , depending on the categories they belong to. Once a question class and a knowledge source have been determined  , regular expression patterns that capture the general form of the question must be written. character also deenes a sentence boundary unless the word token appears on a list of 206 common abbreviations or satisses the following awk regular expression: ^A-Za-zzz. A-Za-zzz.+||A-ZZ.||A-Zbcdfghj-np-tvxzz++.$$ The tokenizing routine is applied to each of the top ranked documents to divide it into "sentences". This years' performance reects the addition of the automated expression system  , and the corresponding increase in the 4  , which we feel would be a benecial addition to the overall system architecture. They are comprised of cascades of regular expression patterns   , that capture among other things: base noun phrases  , single-level  , two-level  , and recursive noun phrases  , prepositional phrases  , relative clauses  , and tensed verbs with modals. We use a regular expression pattern to test if the document text contains parts that might be geo-coordinates  , but are not marked up accordingly. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegExp substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. Question parsing and generating full questions is based on regular expression rewriting rules. We tag entities using a regular expression tagger  , a trie-based tagger and a scalable n-gram tagger 14. The regular expression states that a noun phrase can be a combination of common noun  , proper noun and numeral  , which begins with common or proper noun. These searching functions are rarely used on the Internet environment; the improvement is seldom used in the Internet. We then ran the test concretely with each segment as the input file and compared its result with the result of the known correct version of grep on the same segment and the same regular expression. We identified the segment on which the two outputs differed. Observe that this pattern of object creation  , method invocation and field accesses  , summarized as Regex. Matchstring; if getMatch. Success { getMatch. Groups }  , is a common way to use the Match type: the Match. Groups field is only relevant if the input string matched the regular expression  , given by the field Match. Success. To avoid ambiguity  , we insist that an atom in a domain specification be mentioned at most once. We have also manually investigated many of the signatures and found that they appear to be malicious. Initial template is constructed based on structure of one page and then it is generalized over set of pages by adding set of operators   , if the pages are structurally dissimilar. These properties may be written in a number of different specification formalisms  , such as temporal logics  , graphical finite-state machines  , or regular expression notations  , depending on the finite-state verification system that is being employed. Although there are sometimes theoretical differences in the expressive power of these languages  , these differences are rarely encountered in practice. Method gives access to the methods provided by a compo- nent. These queries range from retrieving all features of an instance to fine-grained queries like searching for all methods that have a particular return type and whose names match a regular expression. Their work is similar to the CA-FSM presented in this paper  , but they handle a wider class of queries  , including those with references. Once all chapter3 elements and figure elements are found  , those two element sets can be joined to produce all qualified chapter3-figure element pairs. The first string of the pattern i.e. If a participant performed a pattern-level query either a regular expression search or a node expansion on a node that was not included in the link level  , the corresponding dot is shown within the pattern-level only. Expansion of pattern level nodes in the link level are shown in the upper link level area. We check every answer's text body  , and if the text matches one of the answer patterns  , we consider the answer text to be relevant  , and non-relevant otherwise. For example  , a simple choice would be to define the start of each attribute that needs to be extracted by evaluating a regular expression on the HTML of the Yahoo! The linked geo data extension is implemented in Triplify by using a configuration with regular expression URL patterns which extract the geo coordinates  , radius and optionally a property with associated value and insert this information into an SQL query for retrieving corresponding points of interest. Densityr #regex successes rate 0.0  , 0.2  Experiments on partially covering samples. Each rule is structured as: Pattern  , Constraint  , Priority  , where Pattern is a regular expression containing a causality connector  , Constraint is a syntactic constraint on the sentence on which the pattern can be applied  , and Priority is the priority of the rule if several rules can be matched. Thus  , the crawler follows more links from relevant pages which are estimated by a binary classifier that uses keyword and regular expression matchings. If the content of a file is needed for character string operations such as a regular expression operation with the preg_match extension  , an FTCS object actually reads the file and stores its content in a form similar to an ordinary character string object. Example 7 illustrates this for geo-coordinates; we have used the same approach for dates. Summary. The Litowski files contain two pieces of information useful to evaluation: the documents from which answers are derived  , and an answer " pattern "   , expressed as a regular expression  , that maps to a specific answer or set of answers that can be found in the relevant documents. Parsing the topic question into relevant entities was done using a set of hand crafted regular expressions. The next step  , they ranked the entity based on similarity of the candidate entities and the target entity. To handle this 1-n generation  , we found it convenient to code the set of candidate answers using a regular expression. At the third step  , based on normalization dictionary Qnorm dic and WordNet  , each word in a question is converted into LSP code to be matched with the condition part of LSP grammar by regular expression. " Part-of-speech groups in close proximity to the answer  , which correlate to the question text are kept to ensure the meaning is retained: We then generalise the string to a suitable regular expression  , by removing stopwords and inserting named entity classes where appropriate. An approach that requires substantial manual knowledge engineering such as creating/editing an ontology  , compiling/revising a lexicon  , or crafting regular expression patterns/grammar rules is obviously limited in its accessibility  , especially if such work has to be repeated for every collection of descriptions. One of the learned lessons of the previous experiments was that the regular expression RegEx substitutions are a very succinct  , efficient  , maintainable  , and scalable method to model many NL subtasks of the QA task. For voice and plctures  , however  , patterns are not easy to detlne and they often require compllcated and tlmd oonsumlng pattern recognltlon technlauss rRsdd76. Recall that X is the source variable  , Y is the sink variable   , and the variables in v are the regular expression variables. A consequence of this is that all regular expression variables appear in the head of any base rule. The white space features:  At least four consecutive white space characters are found in data rows  , separating row headers from data  , and in titles that are centered. Other approaches such as D2RQ offer a limited set of built-in functions e.g. Another ap- proach 19 is to learn regular expression-like rules for data in each column and use these expressions to recognize new examples. For example  , the rewriting rule In some patterns  , the answer type is represented by one of the match constituents in the regular expression instead of one of the standard types  , e.g. Table 3shows our findings for the protein ferredoxin protein data bank ID 1DUR  , formerly 1FDX that shows two occurrences of this pattern. Documents were only allowed to appear in one category. When preparing a dynamic aspect  , the expression of the pointcut as well as the content of the interceptor depends on the type of the role interactions. In 2  Angluin showed that the problem of learning a regular expression of minimum size from positive and negative examples is NP-complete. No data type exists to speak of  , with the exception of strings  , whitespace-free strings  , and enumerations of strings. We download the unique web pages of deleted questions in our experimental dataset and employ a regular expression to extract this information. In spite of its reasonably acceptable performance  , it has an important drawback as a relevant page on the topic might be hardly reachable when this page is not pointed by pages relevant to the topic. Second  , automatically checking program outcomes requires a testing oracle  , which is often not available in practice  , and end-users should not be expected to provide it. propose a refinement of the approach presented in 11 for reachability formulae which combines state space reduction techniques and early evaluation of the regular expression in order to improve actual execution times when only a few variable parameters appear in the model. The next section discuss some properties of A; after which two methods of using A are presented that do not require that the regular expression for the paths be computed explicitly. However  , when one knows the primes that make up the program in advance such as with a gotoless programming language  , there is no need to compute the regular expression explicitly . A particular value in the value set is obtained by selecting an ADT for each generic type parameter and a value for each generic value parameter  , expanding the regular expression so that it contains only atoms  , and replacing each atom with a value instance from its ADT. This may be explained by Teleport's incorporation of both HTML tag parsing and regular expression-matching mechanisms  , as well as its ability to statically parse Javascripts and to generate simple form submission patterns for URL discovery. Note that we used a similar approach for Gnutella and Kazaa which both use the HTTP protocol for their data transfer. In addition to finding packets which identify a particular connection as belonging to a particular P2P application the classifier also maintains an accounting state about each TCP connection. For most locations that correspond to instances of simple types  , the constraints associated with a location can be represented as a regular expression most facets in XML Schema can be represented in this manner. In normalization   , we just directly fill the key with the related value. More specifically  , property-path expressions are regular expressions over properties edge labels in the graph. The document in the IFRAME is tiny:  This code assumes the existence of a get_secret function   , which can be implemented in a few lines of code that performs a regular expression match on document.cookie. In cases where only some of the domains in the certificate are served on this IP  , it is necessary to configure an explicit default host similar to the one given in Figure 10. For example the template page can be parsed by the legacy wiki engine page parser and " any character sequence " blocks or more specific blocks like " any blank character "  can be inserted where appropriate. So we use the following approach: We run the seed regular expression on the corpus and require occurrence of at least one seed term. The specification /abc|xyz/ is a regular expression representing the set of strings {abc  , xyz}. The table shows that the class of context-free languages is closed for a large proportion of the functions in PHP and thus they can be eliminated from a grammar. Also by merging smaller MDNs  , we increase the number of URLs corresponding to each central server  , which helps to generate more generic signatures. Third  , we identify features of signal clusters that are independent of any particular topic and that can be used to effectively rank the clusters by their likelihood of containing a disputed factual claim. Template similar to 1  , is a tree-based regular expression learnt over set of structures of pages within a site. Extensions to regular expression search would also be of interest. The most-matched rule is a long regular expression with many alternations that resulted in 56% of the rule matches. One version of the regular expression search-and-replace program replace limited the maximum input string to length 100 but the maximum allowed pattern to only 50. To select relevant portions of the DPRG to view to aid with the task at hand  , a developer can use two kinds of query operations: regular expression searching  , and node expan- sion. The results of the query also included the information that certain timeout values were involved in the non-blocking implementation. While those approaches also feature the negation of events  , precedence and timing constraints  , we believe that visual formalisms like V T S are better suited for expressing requirements . For custom parameterizations like the regular expression inference discussed above  , the user must define the cardinality function based on the parameterization. To be truly general-purpose  , a model management facility would need to factor out the inferencing engine module that can manipulate these expressions  , so that one could plug different inferencing engines into the facility. Bigrams  , with tagging .60 Results with the language model can be improved by heuristically combining the three best scoring models above unigrams with no tagging and the two bigram models.  Regular-Expression Matching: XTM provides the ability to search for text that matches a set of rules or patterns  , such as looking for phone numbers  , email addresses  , social-security numbers   , monetary values  , etc. For example  , query select project.#.publication selects all of the publications reachable from the project node via zero or more edges. The basic text substrings  , such as the target or named entities  , are recognized using regular expressions and replaced with an angle-bracket-delimited expression. We are continuing to study alternatives to this basic XPath expression  , such as using regular expressions  , allowing query expansion using synonyms  , and weighting the importance of terms. A gender-identifier was developed that is a rule-based and regular-expression based system for identification of patient's gender mentioned in visits. This is illustrated in Figure 7we see that both domain-tailored regular expression matching and an instance of the domain-trained IE system Amilcare 5 will be used side-by-side  , Amilcare learning from the successfully validated instances produced by the former. In the first step  , they utilized the 'target entity to retrieve web documents  , and then by using regular expression they retrieved the candidates from the text of the web documents. We have implemented all documented tgrep functions in our engine and have additionally implemented both regular expression matching of nodes and reflection-based runtime specification of predicate functions . — The TOMS automatically constructs a recognize function by using a pattemmatcher driven by a user's regular expression13. 0 Theorem 2.1 is a rather negative result  , since it implies that queries might require time which is exponential in the size of the db-graph  , not only the regular expression   , for their evaluation. The regular expression occurring in this query has an equivalent automaton with three states: the three regions correspond precisely to these states. View maintenance will be done differently after an update in region Rl than after updates in regions R2 or R3 respectively. In this respect  , the sink variable and regular expression variables play similar roles in that they appear in the same position in both the head of each rule and the IDB predicate in the body. A look at the Java-code indicates that Trang is related to but different from crx: it uses 2T-INF to construct an automaton  , eliminates cycles by merging all nodes in the same strongly connected component   , and then transforms the obtained DAG into a regular expression. This helps us encode certain type of trails as a regular expression over an alphabet. This artificial method can generate a new field sub-document which does not exist in actual multi-field document  , which is equivalent to increasing the statistical weight for some attributed texts  , and such texts often have an explicit optimal TC rule. The result shows that the structure completely supports regular expression functions and the Snort rule set at the frequency of 3.68GHz. Any regular expression is allowed; this can be simply a comma or slash for a split pattern or more complex expressions for a match pattern. However  , in OCR  , character : was often read as i or z. Luckily  , being a specialized domain with rigid conventions for writing   , e.g. This still left the problem of semantic disambiguation; in this case this concerned named entity recognition of persons  , places  , and military units. The main idea in the rule-based name recognition tool is to first search for full names within the text at hand. by enumeration  , via a regular expression  , or via ad hoc operators specific to text structure such as proximity  , positional and inclusion operators for instance  , in the style of the model for text structure presented in 14. Machine learning systems treat the SBD task as a classification problem  , using features such as word spelling  , capitalization  , sumx  , word class  , etc. DeLa discovers repeated patterns of the HTML tags within a Web page and expresses these repeated patterns with regular expression. RELATEDNESS QUERIES RQ A relatedness query is a connected directed graph the nodes and edges of which may be unlabeled and at least one of the edges is labeled with a regular expression over relationship labels. The extractor is implemented as a module that can be linked into other information integration systems. Such a template can be converted to a non deterministic regular expression by replacing hole markers with blocks of " any character sequence " which would be . The input of the system is a set of HTTPTraces  , which will be described in the following sections  , and the output is a set of regular expression signatures identifying central servers of MDNs. For an MDN with one or more central servers  , the third component generates regular expression signatures based on the URLs and also conducts signature pruning. For each question  , TREC provides a set of document identifiers which answer it  , a regular expression which the participant has to match to score  , and sometimes  , a snippet from the document that contains the answer. In brief  , template is a generalized tree-based regular expression over structure of pages seen till now. ' In the procedure for converting an SDTD into an XVPA defined in Theorem 1  , we chose a deterministic finite state automaton Dm corresponding to every regular expression dm. For temponym detection in text documents  , we adopt a similar approach and develop a rule-based system that uses similarity matching in a large dictionary of event names and known paraphrases. We present the rewrite rules in the order in which they are applied. The motivation for the definition of A stems from the desire to interpret the regular expressions for the paths through a program as an A expression. With these heuristics we aim for an accurate regular expression that is also simple and easy to understand. Grep takes a regular expression and a list of files and lists the lines of those files that match the pattern . When an aspect is enabled  , the display of any program text matched by the pattern is highlighted with the aspect's corresponding color. Since these SQL queries are derived from a single regular path expression  , they are likely to share many relational scans  , selections and joins. As shown in Figure 4  , each type of feature is represented by an interface that extends the IFeature interface. First the summary function of the call node must be computed from the regular expression for the arc language of the called prime program . Once a number has been located  , the following token is checked to see if the number can be further classified into a unit of measure. Applying a regular expression pattern   , such as " find capitalized phrases containing some numbers with length greater than two "   , on the text " The Nokia 6600 was one of the oldest models. " This was also observed in the context of lexical source-code transformations of arbitrary programming languages 2  , where it is an alternative to manipulations of the abstract syntax tree. Undoing these requires " physical undo "   , i.e. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. A brief introduction to word embedding. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Current approaches of learning word embedding 2  , 7  , 15  focus on modeling the syntactic context. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. As mentioned in Section 3.2  , a parameter is required to determine the semantic relatedness knowledge provided by the auxiliary word embeddings.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. In the first phase  , we learn the sentence embedding using the word sequence generated from the sentence. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. In our case  , we use a random sample of tweets crawled from a different time period to train our word embedding vectors. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. an MS-Word document. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. Based on Word2Vec 6  , Doc2Vec produces a word embedding vector  , given a sentence or document. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. Source code is often paired with natural language statements that describe its behavior. The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. From an embedding point of view  , θ d is document d's projection in a low-dimensional nonnegative topical embedding 7. Specifically we discuss the learning of word embeddings   , the aligning of embedding spaces across different time snapshots to a joint embedding space  , and the utilization of a word's displacement through this semantic space to construct a distributional time series. Further  , using a single Figure 7: Macro P-R-F1-SU over confidence cutoffs bedding Embedding  , Single outperforms multiple embeddings representations Embedding  , POS  , indicating word embeddings implicitly capture the various parts of speech in their representation. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The readers can find advanced document embedding approaches in 7. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Three layers are presented in SG++  , namely the syntactic layer  , the affirmative layer and the negation one. An input instance of DREAM model consists a series of baskets of items  , which are sequential transactions of a specific user. RQ4: Do the modified text similarity functions improve the ranking performance  , when compared with the original similarity function in 28 ? and word embedding for terms into a standalone version that can be applied to any document collection to facilitate efficient event browsing. Induce the set of bilingual word embeddings BWE using the BWESG embedding learning model see sect. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. To identify the usefulness of these WE-based metrics  , we conducted a large-scale pairwise user study to gauge human preferences. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. In this paper  , we propose an advanced Skip-gram model SG++ to learn better word embedding and negation for Twitter sentiment classification efficiently. Questions QA pairs from categories other than those presented previously . Hence  , we use the entire input paragraph and compute a vector representation given a Doc2Vec model created on a Wikipedia corpus. For example  , word vector representations of xml and nonterminal are very similar for the W3C benchmark l2 norm. Unlike these continuous space language models 30  , 31  , CLSM can project multi-word variable length queries into the embedding space.  We generated QR codes by first converting PDF documents into Microsoft Word™ format and then embedding the QR tag in the document to be printed. Hence  , we are motivated to establish a novel approach  , not only focusing on learning sentiment-specific word embedding efficiently  , but also capturing the negation information. In this paper  , we study the vector offset technique in the context of the CLSM outputs. When examining words nearby query terms in the embedding space  , we found words to be related to the query term. Each PS shard stores input and output vectors for a portion of the words from the vocabulary. However  , researchers 13  , 44  , 45 have proposed methods to infer semantically related software terms  , and have built software-specific word similarity databases 41  , 42. We expect that learning word embeddings on a larger corpora such that the percentage of the words present in the word embedding matrix W W W should help to improve the accuracy of our system. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The training objective is to find word representations such that the surrounding words the syntactic context can be predicted in a sentence or a document. As shown in Figure 1  , the auxiliary word embeddings utilized in GPU-DMM is pre-learned using the state-of-the-art word embedding techniques from large document collections. Moreover  , similar to the situation observed with answer selection experiments  , we expect that using more training data would improve the generalization of our model. To the best of our knowledge  , word embedding techniques have not been applied before to solve information retrieval tasks in SE. By embedding background knowledge constructed from Wikipedia  , we generate an enriched representation of documents  , which is capable of keeping multi-word concepts unbroken  , capturing the semantic closeness of synonyms  , and performing word sense disambiguation for polysemous terms. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors.  We propose and study the task of detecting local text reuse at the semantic level. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Inserting a QR code into the Word document's main body has the potential to change the layout of the document. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . Moreover  , since dimensionality of word vector is fixed during word embedding training  , feature-level modeling also perfectly deals with unfixed length of queries. Large-vocabulary neural probabilistic language models for modeling word sequence distributions have become very popular re- cently 8  , 43  , 44. We first define the existing PMI & LSA-based metrics before introducing the new Word Embedding-based metric to evaluate the coherence of topics. This change leads to learning rich and accurate representation compared to the previous model  , which freezes the word vectors while learning the document vectors.  Inspired by the advantages of continuous space word representations  , we introduce a novel method to aggregate and compress the variable-size word embedding sets to binary hash codes through Fisher kernel and hashing methods. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. All prior work critically requires sentence-aligned parallel data and readily-available translation dic- tionaries 14  , 11 to induce bilingual word embeddings BWEs that are consistent and closely aligned over languages. The lowdimensionality of the embeddings as compared to vector space models hundreds instead of millions make them an elegant solution to address lexical sparsity in settings with very few labels Turian et al. All words in the embedding space retain their " language annotations " ; although the words from two different languages are represented in the same semantic space  , we still know whether a word belongs to language LS e.g. For example  , if we expect a document containing the word north to have a higher-thanaverage probability of being relevant to a WHERE question  , we might augment the WHERE question with the word north. Our objective is to take advantage of this property for the task of query rewriting  , and to learn query representations in a lowdimensional space where semantically similar queries would be close. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. In this submission  , we introduce a semi-supervised approach suitable for streaming settings that uses word embedding clusters and temporal relevance to represent entity contexts. Note that this does not automatically mean  , that a 0.7 similarity also means that the predicted answer has high accuracy  , but only gives an indication of its relatedness on basis of the selected word embedding. We now get to our main result  , which is split into two parts  , corresponding to the exact matching and soft matching settings. In the conventional PS system  , the word embedding training can be implemented as follows. First  , we briefly introduce Word2Vec  , a set of models that are used to produce word embeddings  , and Doc2Vec  , a modification of Word2Vec to generate document embeddings  , in Section 4.1. The second approach is to launch the G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in a document  , such as a Microsoft Word file or HTML file. This has the effect of labeling an attribute as negative either if its frequency PMI is low relative to other positive attributes or its word embedding is far away from positive attributes. The main motivations for using word2vec for our automatic evaluation were twofold: 1 Verifying whether two texts convey the same meaning is a sub-problem to Question-Answering itself. We use the methodology explained in Section 4 to examine whether the WE-based metric can capture the coherence of topics from tweets  , and how well WE  , PMI  , and LSA metrics compare with human judgements. The joint probability on the words  , classes and the latent variables in one document is thus given by:  different proportion of the topics  , and different topics govern dissimilar word occurrences  , embedding the correlation among different words. Recently  , RNN approaches to word embedding for sentence modeling 5  , sequential click prediction 10 ket recommendation. In order to present the document d in the dim-dimensional embedding space induced by the BWESG model  , we need to apply a model of semantic composition to learn its dim-dimensional vector representation − → d . Topic modelling approaches can be used by scholars to capture the topics discussed in various corpora  , including news articles  , books 5 and tweets 4  , 15. We segmented each page into individual words by embedding the Bing HTML parser into DryadLINQ and performing the parsing and word-breaking on our compute cluster. Prior work captured the effect of excessive terms appearing only in the document on the ranking score mainly by their contribution to overall document context or structure. In this section we describe experimental evaluation of the proposed approach  , which we refer to as hierarchical document vector HDV model. This approach is particularly useful in that it provides seamless access to personalized projects from other applications. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Another popular method is the Partial Least Squares PLS 31 that learns orthogonal score vectors by maximizing the covariance between different multimodal data. Using two Twitter datasets  , our results show that the new Word Embedding-based metrics outperform the PMI/LSA-based ones in capturing the coherence of topics in terms of robustness and efficientness. It is intriguing that the LINE2nd outperforms the state-of-the-art word embedding model trained on the original corpus. We employ an embedding layer in our shallow model for the same reasons as mentioned above: we learn continuous word representations that incorporate semantic and syntactic similarity tailored to an expert's domain. UNIX editing system  , embedding within the text of the reports certain formatting codes. The basic Skip-gram model we adopt here is introduced by 7 to learn word embedding from text corpus. In addition  , we are not aware of prior work that directly applies it to a large set of standard LTR features   , specifically using similarity between word embedding vectors for lexical semantics compared to the well studied translation models for this usage. Since FVs are usually high-dimensional and dense  , it makes the system less efficient for large-scale applications. According to the framework of Fisher Kernel  , text segments are modeled by a probability density function. The Word2vec model requires training in order to learn the word embedding space  , and this was realised using an additional corpus of Google news and Yahoo! Moreover  , following the recent trend of multilingual word embedding induction e.g. When operating in multilingual settings  , it is highly desirable to learn embeddings for words denoting similar concepts that are very close in the shared inter-lingual embedding space e.g. In the context of NLP  , distributed models are able to learn word representations in a low-dimensional continuous vector space using a surrounding context of the word in a sentence  , where in the resulting embedding space semantically similar words are close to each other 31. We show that WE-based monolingual ad-hoc retrieval models may be considered as special and less general cases of the cross-lingual retrieval setting i.e. The training objective then is to maximize the probability of words appearing in the context of word w i conditioned on the active set of regions A. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. On the other hand  , it is this kind of label that we want to tackle via zero shot learning otherwise we could choose to harvest training examples from the Internet. Since the model depends on the alignment at the document level  , in order to ensure the bilingual contexts instead of monolingual contexts  , it is intuitive to assume that larger window sizes will lead to better bilingual embeddings. Ganguly et al 14 employed similarity between word embedding vectors within a translation model for LMIR as means to overcome the lexical gap between queries and documents   , where it outperformed a language model extended with latent topics. Given the quality issues in the output of NER on Wikipedia  , we are also working on the extraction of named entities from Wikipedia based on internal links  , with the aim of constructing a more accurate version of the Wikipedia LOAD graph as a community resource. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. The above question can be reformulated as follows. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. These motifs co-occur together very often. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. aspects. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. Thus the E-step remains the same. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content.