In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. 3d. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. Model fitting. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . Shannon entropy. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. Yan et al. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. Students and professionals were treated separately. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The steps include: Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. Comparison of Machine Learning methods for training sets of decreasing size. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. The PM3 Modula-3 compiler was also invoked with a flag that disables runtime checks on indexing arrays out of bounds and to catch certain type errors  , so as to give a fairer comparison with C++. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. , 19  , 26  , 33. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. 3 or Eqn. The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. As a demonstration of the viability of the proposed methodology  , SKSs for a number of communities the Los Alamos National Laboratory's LANL Research Library http://lib-www.lanl.gov/. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. both use the outcome matrix to represent interaction 4  , 6. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. We next present our random forest model. We call this tree the LSH Tree. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. In order to analyze how good our query translation approach for CLIR  , we display in Fig. Table 2shows the BMEcat-2005-compliant mapping for product-specific details. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. Generative model. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . The section that follows investigates this challenge. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. We choose the Shannon entropy as the opthising functional. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. Uses of probabilistic language model in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. We model the relevant model and non-relevant model in the probabilistic retrieval model as two multinomial distributions. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. We tested two such scores for region combination pti  , oti  , viz. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. Figure 4shows an example. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. Also  , it will be difficult to apply the Kuhlback and Liebers' relative entropy since the " atoms " or " characters " of an image or an ensemble is difficult to define. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. We case-fold in our experiments. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Sheridan et al. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. quality of indexing  , or of relevance judgement influencing the retrieval outputs 1 ,18. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Shannon Entropy is defined as the NCU family 16. The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. Note that the model is sufficiently general in the sense that the expressions can be extended to operate on any new schematic information that may be of interest. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. the user leaving the ad landing page. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. Acknowledgments. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. Hence  , we use hierarchical softmax 6  , to facilitate faster training. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. The distribution is of the form Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. There might be two possible reasons. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. It is of the following form: In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. When v1 is selected as a seed  , it is possible that it activates v3 and then v3 as an intermediate agent activates v2. The relationships among words are embedded in their word vectors  , providing a simple way to compute aggregated semantics for word collections such as paragraphs and documents . In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. In reality  , though  , it is common that suppliers of BMEcat catalogs export the unit of measurement codes as they are found in their PIM systems. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. It is given by To put things in perspective  , music IR is still a very immature field.. For example  , to our knowledge  , no survey of user needs has ever been done the results of the European Union's HARMONICA project are of some interest  , but they focused on general needs of music libraries. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. This generated a total of 34 problem evaluations  , consisting of 3060 suggested concepts/keywords. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. likelihood function. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. HARP78 ,VANR77 Finally. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. Thus  , robots visiting one website will not affect the probability of visiting the other. The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. Our experiments with an English-French test collection for which a large number of topics are available showed that CLIR using bidirectional translation knowledge together with statistical synonymy significantly outperformed CLIR in which only unidirectional translation knowledge was exploited  , achieving CLIR effectiveness comparable to monolingual effectiveness under similar conditions. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. The objectives now will be reduced to finding the controller Cs which minimizes the infinity norm of the transfer matrix from input yd to the output vector z or  , Find Cs to minimize IITydzll , We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. the catalog group taxonomy. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . Figure 3b shows a distribution of the ratio of the error of the one-step covariance to the full UKF covariance  , where 7000 trials were performed using 100 different priors and a range of initial conditions and trajectories were used to calculate the M matrix. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. Applications for alignments other than CLIR  , such as automatic dictionary extraction  , thesaurus generation and others  , are possible for the future. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? The inference is performed by Variational EM. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. The re~rieval-with-probabilistic-indexing RPI model described here is suited to different models of probabilis- Uc indexing. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. RQ4. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. A notification protocol waq designed to handle this case. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. 14 To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. Recall that the problem is that for the V lock to work correctly  , updates must be classified a priori into those that update a field in an existing tuple and those that create a new tuple or delete an existing tuple  , which cannot be done in the view update scenario. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. RQ3: Do the word embedding training heuristics improve the ranking performance  , when added to the vanilla Skip-gram model ? The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. , ridge regularization. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . One of the interesting results from our human evaluation is the relevance score for the original tags assigned to a blog post. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. Each word type is associated with its own embedding. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Given that news is separated into eight topics  , 16 interest profiles exist in a single user model. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. This ensures that our dataset enables measuring recall and all of the query-document matches  , even non-trivial  , are present. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The matrices Wqs  , Wss  , Wis  , W ds denote the projections applied to the vectors q  , sr  , ir  , dr+1; the matrix I denotes an identity matrix. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. In fact  , Edsgar Dijkstra was so offended by the frequency of such talk that he suggested instituting a system of fines to stamp it out 12. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. A brief introduction to word embedding. l. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. we perform a breadth first search. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. One final extension is required. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. However  , best-first search also has some problems. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. Correlations that are significant at 0.99 are indicated with *. The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. Folded testing. Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. FE-NN1 is based on the standard Demspter's rule and the true pignistic Shannon entropy. The G-Click method  , which gets the best performance for these queries  , has only a nonsignificant 0.37% improvement over WEB methods in rank scoring metric. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. Subsequently  , each block is sorted according to geographical location second column  , value: Loc  , and finally  , the collections or the libraries first column  , value: Col/Lib are ordered alphabetically for each geographical location. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. For inference 17 use Variational EM. On the other hand  , there is a rich literature addressing the related problem of Cross-Lingual Information Retrieval CLIR. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. 19. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. To perform such benchmark  , we use the documents of TREC6 CLIR data AP88-90 newswire  , 750MB with officially provided 25 short French-English queries pairs CL1-CL25. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. Internet advertising is a complex problem. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. 5. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. Here we compare the our results with the result published by QALD-5 10. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. Columns two to six capture the number of hierarchy levels  , product classes  , properties  , value instances  , and top-level classes for each product ontology. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. We believe that our results can guide implementors of search engines  , making it clear what scoring functions may make it hard for a client meta-broker to merge information properly  , and making it clear how much the meta-broker needs to know about the scoring function. Section 2 introduces the statistical approach to CLIR. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. , Google with song  , album and artist names. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. Random Forest is the classifier used. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. , 10. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. We have used two datasets in our evaluation. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. For a given Latent Semantic Space Meta query optimization. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. BMEcat. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. At IBM  , a variety of approaches have been considered for estimating the wallet of customers for information technology IT products  , including heuristic approaches and predictive modeling. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. Kisilevich et al. Doing so allows for powerful and general descriptions of interaction. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. syntactic and semantic information . To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. an MS-Word document. In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. Therefore Lye have the following result. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. The next section will discuss the classification method. The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. 1a. This is difficult and expensive . Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . ; the maximal number of states between the initial state and another state when traversing the TS in breadth-first search BFS height; the number of transitions starting from a state and ending in another state with a lower level when traversing the TS in breadth-first search Back lvl tr. Furthermore. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. 2 is minimized. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. Therefore  , due to the scale of datasets and slightly different focus of tasks  , we did not evaluate our techniques on the QALD benchmarks  , but intend to explore it in the future. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. Who produced the most films ? Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The model is built by fitting primitives to sensory data. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. Figure 3: Precision by BASIC and BCDRW for 48 books 6. A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. We call this the root dataset. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. We set out to address two questions. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. If the forest has T trees  , then , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. 2015. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Query session := <query  , context> clicked document* Each session contains one query  , its corresponding context and a set of documents which the user clicked on or labeled which we will call clicked documents. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. In sum  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. CLIR is characterized by differences in query and document language 3. The databases are relatively small. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. The objects in UpdSeedD ,l are not directly density-reachable from each other. For each node visited do the following. Given that our system is trained off this data  , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged  , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. Lib instances. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. There are  , however  , important differences. Run dijkstra search from the initial node as shown in Fig.5.2. Due to space limitation  , we will not enumerate these results here. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. 4. Each motor of the end-effector was treated separately and a control loop similar to the one in In this set of experiments  , the position transfer function matrix  , G  , the sensitivity transfer function  , S are measured. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. Probabilistic CLIR. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. , Pearson correlation with true AP. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Based on these semantic annotations  , an intelligent semantic search system can be implemented. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. In particular  , we use the L2 i.e. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. Susskind et al. Both optimization techniques yield very awkward designs. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. On the other hand  , crawling in breadth-first search order provides a fairly good bias towards high quality pages without the computational cost. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. Retrieval effectiveness can be improved through changes to the SLT  , unification models  , and the MSS function and scoring vector. introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. The other sets of experiments are designed similar to the first set. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. , The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. As in 7  , quarterly data were the most stable ones. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. Experiment 1.  Query execution. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . V. CONCLUSIONS A method that obtains practically the global optimal motion for a manipulator  , considering its dynamics  , actuator constraints  , joint limits  , and obstacles  , has been presented in this paper. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. , not likely to yield an optimal plan. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. In the rst stage  , a context independent system was build. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. Program building blocks are features that use AspectJ as the underlying weaving technology . Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. This yields a manipulator transfer function where Gps is a matrix of Laplace Transforms relating the joint angles to the joint torques. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. The above question can be reformulated as follows. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. In general  , the model allows the user to start with the entity types of interest  , describe each entity type with a nested list of attribute types and build any number of levels of association types. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. , the shared data item. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. According to extensive experiment results  , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides  , dmax is usually much smaller than n  , e.g. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. A-close 10 uses a breadth-first search to find FCPs. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. This behavior promotes the local cache. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. We plan to study these issues in the near future. By using the imported surface model  , the personal fitting function is thought to be realized. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. We would also like to thank Isaac Balbin for his comments on previous drafts of this paper. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . With weight parameters  , these can be integrated into one distribution over documents  , e.g. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Datasets. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. For TREC-7 and TDT-2 we had been using PRISE  , but our interest in trying out Pirkola's technique for CLIR led to our choice of Inquery for CLIR TREC-8. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. the main topic  , we utilize Doc2Vec 4. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. This means that hypotheses about specific entities must be considered in the e.g. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. The objective function in MTL Trace considers the trace-norm of matrix W for regularization. 11. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. In summary  , it is clear that most users do have clear affinities to beer types  , with only a small minority of explorers willing to experiment widely. give a survey on the overall architecture of DOLORES and describe its underlying multimedia retrieval model. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Thus  , it helps IMRank to converge to a good ranking if influential nodes are initially ranked high. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. their mAP values: the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. Folding is a vcry common proccss in our lives. This full range results naturally from the fact that our user models allow the interest elements to have weights from -1 to +1 to represent the full spectrum of interest intensities from hate to love. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. In training  , an autoencoder is given the input x ∈ R n as both training instance and label. , see 16 . Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Typically  , not all features of feature model My are of interest for the composition with feature model Mx . A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. 1a and 1 d. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. In the conventional model these news packages have a number of common features: the contents are decided by the editor and the contributing writers  , the coverage of stories represents a national or sometimes regional perspective  , and the depth of coverage of an individual story is determined by the editors' judgment of the general readership's interest in it. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. cost function based on softmax function. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. By adopting cross-domain learning ideas  , DTL 28 and GFK 10 were superior to the Tag ranking  , but were inferior to the deep learning-based approach DL. Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. 4 Technically  , this model is called the hierarchical logit 32 and is slightly more general than the nested logit model derived from utility maximization. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. is implemented as a rule-based system. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. As shown in Table 2  , the Linked Data measures outperform the baseline system across all criteria. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. For some WordNet nodes  , they consist of multiple phrases  , e.g. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. The most challenging aspect is the search capability of the system  , which is referred to as crosslingual information retrieval CLIR. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Our goal is to guess the best rating. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. This has been observed in some early studies 8. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. a single embedding is inaccurate for representing multiple topics. , γ j . NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation  , giving high VP of 96.43 %. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. For example  , in BMEcat the prices of a product are valid for different territories and intervals  , in different types and currencies  , but all prices relate to the same customer no multi-buyer catalogs. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. One component of a probabilistic retrieval model is the indexing model  , i.e. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. DBSCAN must set Eps large enough to detect some clusters. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. 9. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. Therefore  , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. Research related to this game has explored both the physical demands 9 and the strategic demands 10. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. This ready-to-use solution comes as a portable command line tool that converts product master data from BMEcat XML files into their corresponding OWL representation using GoodRelations. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . Dropout is used to prevent over-fitting. For simplicity  , it will also be assumed that the inertial and viscous damping of the joints dominate the manipulator dynamics yielding a manipulator model of the form where M is the manipulator inertia tensor  , B is the diagonal matrix of viscous friction coefficients  , 8 is the vector of joint angles  , and '5 is the commanded joint torque vector. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. This indicates the proposed fast implementation scheme works well  , both in equivalent combination scheme and the use of approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. Figure 2awas taken from these data. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. In future work  , we will explore how the Word Embedding training parameters affect the coherence evaluation task. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. Various other theorists introduced the concept of Entropy to general systems. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. Note t h a t G is approximately equal t o the unity matrix for the frequencies within its bandwidth. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. The Coupling Matrix Q is a function of the manipulator's configuration and is a measure of the system's sensitivity to the transfer of vibrational energy to its supporting structure. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. , " who created wikipedia ? " q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. 2. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. cross-language performance is 87.94% of the monolingual performance. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . The probabilistic model of retrieval 20 does this very clearly  , but the language model account of what retrieval is about is not that clear. by using dynamic programming. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. The evaluation is based on the QALD 5 benchmark on DBpedia 6 10 . higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. We then showed that the probabilistic structured query method is a special case of our meaning matching model when only query translation knowledge is used. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S Discovery date. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. . Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. and search the other subranges breadth-first. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. It relies on detecting a main entity  , which is used to subdivide the query graph into subgraphs  , that are ordered and matched with pre-defined message types. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. deg. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. We are beginning to accept the fact that there is "A Discipline of Programming" Dijkstra 76 which requires us to accept constraints on our programming degrees of freedom in order to achieve a more reliable and well-understood product. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. Second point is the handling of the penalty. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . Meng et al. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. Game theory also explores interaction. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. To represent a specific node in S  , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase  , and average the corresponding vectors 9. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. The most significant recent advance in programming methodology has been the constructive approach to developing correct programs or "programming calculus" formulated in Dijkstra 75  , elaborated with numerous examples in Dijkstra 76  , and discussed further in Gries 76. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. Support vector machine is a model of binary classifier 6. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. Though we use RBP and DCG as motivators  , our interest is not specifically in them but in model-based measures in general. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. The presented results are preliminary. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. It chooses document xi with prob- ability , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. Table 1summarizes the results. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. Reference-based indexing 7  , 11  , 17  , 36  can be considered as a variation of vector space indexing. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. To implement the TDSSM and MR-TDSSM  , we used Theano 1 and Keras 2 . Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. For example  , a pattern of a 'term' type is a set of unigrams that make up a phrase  , such as {support  , vector  , machine} or 'support vector machine' for simpler notation. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. So we adopt a weighting method: Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. robot and obstacles 12. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. 2 summarizes related works. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 .  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. Graphs  , which are in fact one of the most general forms of data representation   , are able to represent not only the values of an entity  , but can be used to explicitly model structural relations that may exist between different parts of an object 5 ,6. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Lin et al. In all cases  , model fitting runtime is dominated by the time required to generate candidate graphs as we search through the model parameter space. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. Edit distance. On the Coupling Map  , areas of relatively high coupling   , or hot spots  , are represented by darker lines and areas of relatively low coupling  , or cool spots  , are represented by lighter lines. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. However  , accurately estimating these probabilities is difficult for generative probabilistic language modeling techniques. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. Lib. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. 1. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. To demonstrate the usefulness of this novel language resource we show its performance on the Multilingual Question Answering over Linked Data challenge QALD-4 1 . An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. The self-folding time was also relatively short. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. Mean Average Precision MAP and Precision at N P@N  are used to summarise retrieval performance within each category. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. IW is a simple way to deal with tensor windows by fitting the model independently. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories. , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output We define the parameters of relevant and non-relevant document language model as θR and θN . We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. eClassOWL 6. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. Semantic Sequencing. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. The main difference with Eq. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . The likelihood function Eq. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. 3. Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. The method successfully recovers the behavior of the simulator. , precision and purity. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. The softmax distribution has several important properties. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Specify individual optimization rules. As these frequency spectra are not provided in evenly spaced time intervals  , we use Lagrange transformation to obtain timed snapshots. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. The matrix Kb enters the formulation so that directions of base motion with low stiffness carry a higher weight that those with high stiffness. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. A possible reason is that many of the interclass invocations are associated with APIs whose parameters are often named more carefully. As more releases are completed  , predictive models for the other categories of releases can be developed. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . WE metrics using GloV e 4. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. Definition 1. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. 1a and 1b. Table 5shows that probabilistic CLIR using our system outperforms the three runs using SYSTRAN  , but the improvement over the combined MT run is very small. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. 1 and Eq. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. 6 analyzed the potential of page authority by fitting an exponential model of page authority. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. Fig. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The two are related quantities with different focuses. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Finally we discuss some interesting insights about the user behavior on both platforms. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. Vertical position is controlled by the relevance score assigned by the search engine. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. The remaining phrases are then sorted  , and the ten highest-scoring phrases are returned. HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. Similarly  , 16  integrated linkage weighting calculated from a citation graph into the content-based probabilistic weighting model to facilitate the publication retrieval. 10 . We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. The characteristics of such pivots are discussed in Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. The simplex attempts to walk downhill by replacing the 3741 vertex associated with the highest error by a better point. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. In his 1968 letter  , Dijkstra noted that the programmer manipulates source code as a way to achieve a desired change in the program's behaviour; that is  , the executions of the program are what is germane  , and the source code is an indirect vehicle for achieving those behaviours. Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. For our implementation we select Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets.  the autocorrelation of the signal. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . To be more specific  , we add a virtual node which connects to all known nodes. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. In many CNN based text classification models  , the first step is to convert word from one-hot sparse representation to a distributed dense representation using Word Embedding . General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. We conducted numerous calibrations using the vector space model Singhal96  , Robertson's probabilistic retrieval strategy Robertson98  , and a modified vector space retrieval strategy. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. In this paper  , we assumed that the parameter values Eps and MinPts of DBSCAN do not change significantly when inserting and deleting objects. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. 1for an example spectrogram. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . courses  , students  , professors are generated. Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. , LinARX  , LogARX  , MultiLinReg  , and SimpleLinReg typically achieves high Pearson correlation i.e. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Library means that the library has created its own digitized or born-digital material. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. The greedy pattern represents the depth-first behavior  , and the breadth-like pattern aims to capture the breadth-first search behaviors. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. Most steps just move the point of the simplex where the objective value is largest highest point to a lower point with the smaller objective value. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. Semantic relevance. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. On top of a standard annotation framework  , the Web Annotation Data Model WADM 6   , the qa vocabulary is defined. Section 5 presents the results  , Section 6 suggests future work  , and Section 7 concludes. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 .  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. Second  , the system is extensible. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. , the expected value of the information in a message. In general  , these configurations are not present in the roadmap  , so they are added to the roadmap using the local planner. Figure 1show an example where no global density threshold exists that can separate all three natural clusters  , and consequently  , DBSCAN cannot find the intrinsic cluster structure of the dataset. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. where λi's are the model parameters we need to estimate from the training data. Even for rather large numbers of daily updates  , e.g. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. We followed Chapelle et al. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. However  , the LZ method shows a more intense correlation since our model has considered the conditional situations. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. 5 Torque Figure 5 illustrates the block diagram of the setup using multiplicative uncertainty representation  , in which P o is the nominal model of the system  , W is the uncertainty weighting function  , A is a memoryless operator of induced L2 norm less than unity  , which represents the normalized variation of the true system from the model  , and C is the controller. To enable this some training is typically needed. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. Here  , σ is the sigmoid function that has an output in 0  , 1  , tanh denotes the hyperbolic tangent function that has an output in −1  , 1   , and denotes the component-wise multiplication . Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. Here we use breadth-first search. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. For simplicity  , we only discuss CLIR modeling in this section. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . garbage collections. , 25 ,000 updates in a database of l ,OOO ,OOO objects   , we obtained speed-up factors of more than 10 versus DBSCAN. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. On the flip side  , DBSCAN can be quite sensitive to the values of eps and MinPts  , and choosing correct values for these parameters is not that easy. Table lsummerizes the results. Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . We also tried GRU but the results seem to be worse than LSTM. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. A full list of 26 questions  , 150 questions from WebQuestions  , and 100 questions from QALD could be found on our website. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. An end-user can also browse a subject area and view all records assigned to a particular topic. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. These methods all train their subclassifiers on the same input training set. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . For each correct answer  , we replaced the return variable  ?uri in the case of the QALD-2 SELECT queries by the URI of the answer  , and replaced all other URIs occurring in the query by variables  , in order to retrieve all triples relevant for answering the query 10 . In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. In almost all type of applications  , it would be sufficient to set Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. The KS-distance as defined below Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. Damljanovic et al. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. 5 21. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Fitting an individiral skeleton model to its motion data is the routine identification task rary non-ridd pose with sparse featme points. Figure 10shows the trajectory of mouse movements made by a sample user who is geographicallyrefining a query for ski. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. RQ3. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. The data element ARTICLE_PRICE_DETAILS can be used multiple with disjunctive intervals. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. The deviance is a comparative statistic. See e. g. " Game Theory " by Fudenberg and Tirole 4 pp. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. The purpose of this circular region is to maintain an admissible heuristic despite having an underspecified search goal. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. These had 68 pairs in common. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. Performing SPARQL queries and navigating on the web are different in terms of the number of HTTP calls per-second and clients profiling. These in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. This task asks participants to use both structured data and free form text available in DBpedia abstracts. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. RQ6 a. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. The measure value is given by the following equation: The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . Test II: Combined Models. Our study is more related to the second category of kernel-based methods. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. In addition to the manufacturer BMEcat files  , we took a real dataset obtained from a focused crawl whereby we collected product data from 2629 shops. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. The sp2b sparql performance benchmark 17  and the Berlin sparql Benchmark bsbm 3 both aim to test the sparql query engines of rdf triple stores. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. Experimental results reported in this work were obtained on a publicly available benchmark developed by Balog and Neumayer 2  , which uses DBpedia as the knowledge graph. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. For our probabilistic runs we used the SMART retrieval runs as provided by NIST. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . When EHRs contain consistent data about patients and nurses modeling  , can be designed and used for devising efficient nursing patient care. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. However  , it was the worst-performing model on the bed object. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. Optimization. Breaking the Optimization Task. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. The improvements of precision and popular tag coverage are statistically significant  , both up to more than 10%. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. The number of product models in the BSH was 1376 with an average count of 29 properties  ,  while the Weidmüller BMEcat consisted of 32585 product models with 47 properties on average created by our converter. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. The path iterator  , necessary for path pattern matching  , has been implemented as a hybrid of a bidirectional breadth-first search and a simulation of a deterministic finite automaton DFA created for a given path expression. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence.  Neural Responding Machine. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. All runs are compared to pLSA. A finite-difference method is used to solve the boundary value problem. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . This reduced breadth of access is further evidence for the goaldriven behaviour seen in search. We used the simplex downhill method Nelder and Mead 1965 for the minimization. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Given that the choice for the realization of atomic graph patterns depends on whether the predicate is classified as being a noun phrase or a verb phrase  , we measured the accuracy i.e. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. Our English-Chinese CLIR experiments used the MG 14 search engine. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. While sorting by relevance can be useful   , clearly the sequence of components in documents is typically based on something more meaningful. The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. , ridge regularization method 12. Model modifications are described in Section 3. Querying Google with the LS returns 11 documents  , none of which is the DLI2 homepage. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. WE metrics using word2vec 4. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. Design for manipulator constraints: If all m-directions in the end-effector are to be weighted equally  , w 1 s is chosen as a diagonal transfer-function matrix. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. We can easily construct a MCMC sampler so that its stationary distribution is equal to the posterior distribution of model parameters given data and prior distribution of parameters. We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. In Sect. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity A concept  , in our context  , is a Linked Data instance  , defined with its URI  , which represents a topic of human interest. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. p~ ~  ,. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. 4due to the unsuitable profile model. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. Based on inspection from results in Fig. We also note that BSS is not consistent on these two platforms: for example  , it doesn't work well in the iPhone 5 dataset 0.510 on MRR@All on 0.537 on MRR@Last by BSS-last. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. After fitting this model  , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel  , which he called the entropy  , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. In particular  , the list of ISs and generic information about them  , such as their name  , a brief textual description of their content  , etc. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The paper is arranged as follows. Random Forest. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. These properties are considered as random influence. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. This query is shown in Figure 7. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. , yn  , where yi is the informed probability of the i th inference. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously .  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. More than 3800 text documents  , 1200 descriptions of mechanisms and machines  , 540 videos and animations and 180 biographies of people in the domain of mechanism and machine science are available in the DMG- Lib in January 2009 and the collection is still growing. It needed 76 evaluations  , but the chosen optimum had a yield below 10 units: worse than all the other methods  , indicating that the assumption of a global quadratic is inadequate in this domain. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . These motifs co-occur together very often. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . Our method does not require any labeled training data. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. served as ranking criterion. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. The application runs from the command line. Images of the candidate pictograms that contain query as interpretation word are listed at the bottom five rows of Table 4. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. As shown in Fig. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. This information  , however  , is not available in DFS. Fast Fourier Transform. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. DBSCAN is able to separate " noise " from clusters of points where " noise " consists of points in low density regions. P Shot i  = constant. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. I use WebScope Yahoo! First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Different from traditional training procedure  , these " weak " learners are trained based on cross domain relevance of the semantic targets. The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. , OWL2DL. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. 33. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. In this way we represent each comment by a dense low-dimensional vector which is trained to predict words in the comment and overcomes the weaknesses of word embeddings solely. 0 Motion prediction. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. , in terms of purity and precision. Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. Normally the user cares "~. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. The differences between all strategies breadth-first  , random search  , and Pex's default search strategy were negligible. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. is developed1. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. A survey can be found in 3. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. In Section 3 we formalise our extension to consider R2RML mappings. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. As the GRASSHOPPER did  , we divide BCDRW into three steps and introduce the detail as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. Moreover we investigate how a controlled vocabulary can be used to conduct free-text based CLIR. Consider an optimization problem with The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. A model of a retrieval situation with PDEL contains two separate parts  , one epistemic model that accomodates the deterministic information about the interactions and one pure probabilistic model. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . Two cases have to be distinguished. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . Learning scheme. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. In this paper  , we propose to use CLQS as an alternative to query translation  , and test its effectiveness in CLIR tasks. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. A word embedding is a dense  , low-dimensional  , and realvalued vector associated with every word in a vocabulary such that they capture useful syntactic and semantic properties of the contexts that the word appears in. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. It uses R*-tree to achieve better performance. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. The worst performance is by LD. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. However  , previous work showed that English- Chinese CLIR using simple dictionary translation yields a performance lower than 60% of the monolingual performance 14. These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. A hidden unit is said to be active or firing if it's output is close to 1 and inactive if it's output is close to 0. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. We also propose to use optimal control to design the visual controller. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. ~. Hot-deck imputation HI tends to work well when there are strong correlation between the covariates and the variable with missing values  , and thus it performs differently depending on the correlation structure among the variables. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. These data could be easily incorporated to improve the predictive power  , as shown in Figure 13. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. The mixed-effects model in Eq. The idea behind the method is relatively simple  , but the effective use of it is not. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. , do not allow online update of parameters. Learning. DBSCAN makes use of an R* tree to achieve good performance. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. 4 Yahoo! No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. 7. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. template. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. This affects the time spent in search for related candidates of a word not present in training data. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. Ranking the words according to their scores. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. There is at present no standard yardstick. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . Finally  , section 6 contains concluding remarks. Having validated the proposed semantic similarity measure   , in Section 4 we begin to explore the question of applications   , namely how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Yokoi et al. Joint Objective. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. Because Hogwild! This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. Ester et al. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. The results in the previous section show that our cohort modeling techniques using pre-defined features can more accurately estimate users' individual click preferences as represented via an increased number of SAT clicks than our competitive baseline method. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. , array of floating point values. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. In game theory  , a strategy is a method for deciding what move to make next  , given the current game state. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. , a user who explores many different types. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Instead of the vector space model or the classical probabilistic model we will use a new model  , called the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval  , which is described in the appendix of this paper. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. Our goal is to assess the UMLS Metathesaurus based CLIR approach within this context. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. , " Who is the mayor of Berlin ? " As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. a X position b Z position utilized The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. This part of experiment is indicated as Supervised Modeling Section 3.3. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. 2 The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. , passages matching at least one query word is eligible for scoring but encourages AND-semantics i.e. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. The parameters of interest are then estimated recursively 9  , 101. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. is non-proper. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Fig- ure 3 and at all ranks Figure 4. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . Two parameters must be set for DBSCAN: and M inP ts. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. Subject keywords are nouns and proper nouns from a title or subtitle. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. Traverse the measure graph starting at m visiting all finer measures using breadth-first search. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . However  , these are not the only concepts learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. Among the three " good " initial rankings with indistinguishable performance  , Degree offers a good candidate of initial ranking  , since computing the initial ranking consumes a large part in the total running time of IMRank  , as shown in Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. The error induced in the one-step transfer function for using a constant M is less than 2% with a significance of p = 0.955  , indicating low sensitivity to the choice of prior over a range of operating conditions. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. The corresponding weighting function is as follows. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. a =in order Eps' . For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. To better understand the motion of figured mechanisms and machines DMG-Lib can animate selected figures within e-books. A formal model: More specifically  , let the distribution associated with node w be Θw. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Second  , word associations in our technique have a welldefined probabilistic interpretation. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. 6 and 7. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. Kumar et al. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. The reader is referred to the technical report by Oard and Dorr for an excellent review of the CLIR literature 18. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. CLIR performance observed for this query set. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. Formally  , a normal-form game is defined as a tuple  There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. UDCombine1. The Shannon entropy of the variable a is: Although content-based systems also use the words in the descriptions of the items  , they traditionally use those words to learn one scoring function. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. We selected two corpora to work from. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. Nallapati et al. DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Recently  , it becomes popular to use pre-train of word embedding for NLP applications 17  , by first training on a large unlabeled data set  , then use the trained embedding in the target supervised task. Information theory deals with assessing and defining the amount of information in a message 32 . Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Are users highly focused i.e. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. Fu and Guo 2 proposed a method to learn taxonomy structure via word embedding. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Knees et al. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. These parts tend to be shorter. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? RQ6 b. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. tasks. This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. imputation  inappropriate. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Despite the big differences between the two language pairs  , our experiments on English- Chinese CLIR consistently confirmed these findings  , showing the proposed cross-language meaning matching technique is not only effective  , but also robust. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. This is sufficiently general to describe in rigorous terms the events of interest  , and can be used to describe in homogeneous terms much of the existing work on testing. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. We use a binary signature representation called TopSig 3 18. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. So far almost all the legal information retrieval systems are based on the boolean retrieval model. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. Folding in program verification.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. Liu et al. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Using deviance measures  , e.g. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. In Section 4 we introduce DBSCAN with constraints and extend it to run in online fashion. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel  , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. In this paper  , we use the word-embedding from 12 for weighing terms. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. , 2010. This work could be extended in several directions. On SemSearch ES  , ListSearch and INEX-LD  , where the queries are keyword queries like 'Charles Darwin'  , LeToR methods show significant improvements over FSDM. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Realizing the vision of autonomic computing is necessarily a worldwide cooperative enterprise  , one that will yield great societal rewards in the near-term  , medium-term and long-term. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W  , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking  , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. The methods used to represent these games are well known. We compared ECOWEB-FIT with the standard LV model. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. The former is noise and thus needs to be removed before detectin the latter. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. In our case , We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. I. Node generation. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. The experimental results were achieved by indexing 1991 WSJ documents TREC disk 22 with Webtrieve using stemming and stopwords remotion. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. The optimization on this query is performed twice. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. , when N is large. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Pruuiug the set of Equivalent Queries: The set  , of rquivalent queries that are generated by gen-closure are considered by the cost-based optimizer to pick t ,he optimal plan. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. , with the ranks used in place of scores. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  !