We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Random Forest is the classifier used. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. We next present our random forest model. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Figure 1reports these scores. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest.  Incorporating both context i.e. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. None of the classical methods perform as well. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. We present our applied approach  , detailed system implementation and experimental results in the context of Facebook in Section 6. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. These properties are considered as random influence. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. One method  , the VP-tree 36  , partitions the data space into spherical cuts by selecting random reference points from the data. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. It offers a scalable approach to the construction of document signatures by applying random indexing 30  , or random projections 3 and numeric quantization. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. 9 proposed a block-based index to improve retrieval speed by reducing random accesses to posting lists. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. This demonstrates the real ability of Linked Data-based systems to provide the user with valuable relevant concepts. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. It seems clear that patlems occurring in random indexing can be profitably exploited  , and surprisingly quickly. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Those models are based on the Harris Harris  , 1968 distributional hypothesis  , which states that words that appear in similar context have similar meanings. For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. saving all the required random edge-sets together during a single scan over the edges of the web graph. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. We then asked them to rate the relevancy and unexpectedness of suggestions using the above described scales. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. We took great care to match the SHORE/C++ implementation as closely as possible  , including using the same C library random number generator and initializing it with the same seed so as to generate the same sequence of random numbers used to build the OO7 benchmark database and to drive the benchmark traversals. Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. Therefore  , starting with S1 document removal  , we began by indexing a random selection of 10% of the documents from the document collection. We show later that the ALSH derived from minhash  , which we call asymmetric minwise hashing MH-ALSH  , is more suitable for indexing set intersection for sparse binary vectors than the existing ALSHs for general inner products. In general  , our methods start from a set of Initial/seed Concepts IC  , and provide a ranked list of suggested concepts relevant to IC. Commercial systems like AltaVista Image Search only index the easy-to-see image captions like text-replacement  " ALT "  strings  , achieving good precision accuracy in the images they retrieve but poor recall thoroughness in finding relevant images. For instance  , in a sample of 38720 documents drawn at random from the Online Public Access Catalogue OPAC of the Universitätsbibliothek at Karlsruhe University TH  , 11594 approximately 30% had no keyword  , although the library has the reputation for having the best catalogue in Germany. The first method called hyProximity  , is a structure-based similarity which explores different strategies based on the semantics inherent in an RDF graph  , while the second one  , Random Indexing  , applies a well-known statistical semantics from Information Retrieval to RDF  , in order to identify the relevant set of both direct and lateral topics. As the baseline we use the state of the art adWords keyword recommender from Google that finds similar topics based on their distribution in textual corpora and the corpora of search queries. We rst describe  , in the next section  , how collection indexing was performed. Viterbi recognizer search. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. The sequence of states is seen as a preliminary segmentation. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. served as ranking criterion. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. This is a typical decoding task  , and the Viterbi decoding technique can be used. where y* is the class label with the highest posterior probability under the model IJ  , or the most likely label sequence the Viterbi parse. We have improved the Viterbi-based splitting model feeding it with a dataset larger than the one used in 1. The Viterbi Doc-Audition scoring method is a straightforward procedure that ranks those documents with repertoires containing a highly-weighted pseudoquery above those that are top renderers only of lowerweighted ones. 2 A Viterbi distribution emitting the probability of the sequence of words in a sentence. We can also adjust the model parameters such as transition  , emission and initial probabilities to maximize the probability of an observable sequence. Modelling the speech signal could be approached through developing acoustic and language models. σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. Augmenting each word with its possible document positions  , we therefore have the input for the Viterbi program  , as shown below: For this 48-word sentence  , there are a total of 5.08 × 10 27 possible position sequences. We have used the Google N-grams collection 6   , taking the frequency of words from the English One Million collection of Google books from years 1999 to 2009. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. In this step  , if any document sentence contributes only stop words for the summary  , the matching is cancelled since the stop words are more likely to be inserted by humans rather than coming from the original document. Scores are assigned to each expansion by combining the backward score g  , computed by the translation model from the end to the current position of i  , and the forward score h computed by the Viterbi search from the initial to the current position of i. The Viterbi path contains seven states as the seventh state was generated by the sixth state and a transition to the seventh state. There are many approaches for doing this search  , the most common approach that is currently used is Viterbi beam search that searches for the best decoding hypothesis with the possibility to prune away the hypotheses with small scores. To appl9 machine learning to this problem  , we need a large collection of gistcd web pages for training. There are a number of possible criteria for the optimality of decoding  , the most widely used being Viterbi decoding. The connection to VT should be clear: if one introduces the hidden variable I denoting the index of the model that generated the sequence Y as a non-emitting state then the procedure can be thought of as the partial Viterbi alignment of Y to the states where only the alignment w.r.t. Therefore  , every word is determined a most likely document tion. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist  , too. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. Three different levels of achievement can be perceived in implementing RaPiD7. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. This can be perceived from results already. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. The goal in RaPiD7 is to benefit the whole project by creating as many of the documents as possible using RaPiD7. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Invitation Figure 1  , Steps of RaPiD7 1 Preparation step is performed for each of the workshops  , and the idea is to find out the necessary information to be used as input in the workshops. Therefore  , the key issue seems to be getting the teams to try out RaPiD7 long enough to see the benefits realizing. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. The softmax distribution has several important properties. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. cost function based on softmax function. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. The search logs used in this study consist of a list of querydocument pairs  , also known as clickthrough data. Thus the approximated objective function is: To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Instead of picking the top document from that ranking  , like in TDI  , the document is drawn from a softmax distribution. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: Each document vector is trained to predict the words it contains. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The fully connected hidden layer is and a softmax add about 40k parameters. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. Sigmoid activation functions are used in the hidden layer and softmax in the output layer to ensure that outputs sum to one. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. However  , directly optimizing the above objective function is impractical because the cost of computing the full softmax is proportional to the size of items |I|  , which is often extremely large. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. In application the input of the NN is the topic distribution of the query question according to latent topic model of the existing questions  , represented by θ Q *   , and its output is an estimate of its distribution in the QA latent topic model  , θ QA * . We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Instead of evaluating every distinct word or document during each gradient step in order to compute the sums in equations 9 and 10  , hierarchical softmax uses two binary trees  , one with distinct documents as leaves and the other with distinct words as leaves. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. 0 Motion prediction. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. This can be calculated in JavaScript. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. 4shows the beating heart motion along z axis with its interpolation function and the frequency spectrum calculated from off-line fast fourier transform. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. This is followed by a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT across the segments for a selected set of frequency spectra to obtain Fourier coefficients modeling the dynamics. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. A fast-Fourier transform was performed on this signal in order to analyze the frequencies involved and the results can be seen in figure 12. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Fast Fourier Transform. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. 1for an example spectrogram. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. For example  , our Space Physics application 14 requires the FFT Fast Fourier Transform to be applied on large vector windows and we use OS-Split and OS- Join to implement an FFT-specific stream partitioning strategy. The Discrete Cosine Transform DCT is a real valued version of Fast Fourier Transform FFT and transforms time domain signals into coefficients of frequency component. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Figure 2shows the impulse expressed as a change in the wavelength of light reflected by an FBG cell and its fast Fourier transform FFT. In an early attempt  , Anuta l  used cross-correlation to search for corresponding features between registered images; later he introduced the idea of using fast Fourier transform. Similar attempts   , using the sum of absolute differences  , were also reported in the early stages of research on this topic. The statistic behaviors for each indicator were determined computing the mean and standard deviation. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. Step 2: Since the primary task is to maintain visibility of the target  , the acceptable observer locations are marked. After removing this noise data from the data  , the remaining elements are transformed into the time domain by using the inverse FFT. The resulting frequency spectra are plotted for pitch and roll in Fig. These features are usually generated based on mel-frequency cepstral coefficients MFCCs 7 by applying Fast Fourier transforms to the signal. The sharp pixel proportion is the fraction of all pixels that are sharp. To obtain features  , we calculated the power of the segment of 1 second following the term onset using the fast Fourier transform and applying log-transformation to normalize the signal. However  , it can still be used in open-loop control and other closed-loop control strategies. In 8  , it is shown that the Fast Fourier Transform can be used to efficiently obtain a C-space representation from the static obs1 ,acles and robot geornetry. To better understand the nature of the VelociRoACH oscillations as a function of the stride frequency  , we used Python 3 to compute the fast Fourier transform of each run  , first passed through a Hann window  , and then averaged across repeated trials. Used features. The twenty-tree indicators are : 2 indicators of instant energy  , 3 obtained by fast Fourier transform FFT  , 16 from the computation of mean power frequency MPF and  , others resulting from the energy spectrum of each component derived from the wavelet decomposition of the normalized EMG. The photographs are transformed from spatial domain to frequency domain by a Fast Fourier Transform  , and the pixels whose values surpass a threshold are considered as sharp pixels we use a threshold value of 2  , following 4. The used features are Root Mean Square RMS computed on time domain; Pitch computed using Fast Fourier Transform frequency domain; Pitch computed using Haar Discrete Wavelet Transform timefrequency domain; Flux frequency domain; RollOff frequency domain; Centroid frequency domain; Zero-crossing rate ZCR time domain. They use the Discrete Fourier Transform DFT to map a time sequence to the frequency domain  , drop all but the first few frequencies  , and then use the remaining ones to index the sequence using a R*-tree 3 structure. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. TDCM 15 : This is a two-dimensional click model which emphasizes two kinds of user behaviors. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Generative model. Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The deviance is a comparative statistic. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. The likelihood function Eq. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. likelihood function. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. As the experiment progresses from Fig. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The likelihood function is a statistical concept. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. The estimates from two methods are very close. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. reduction of error  , e.g. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 4 i.e. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Table 3shows these results. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. Mukhopadyay et al. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. for some nonnegative function T . To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. special effects. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. Consider a two class classification problem. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. For support vector machine  , the polynomial kernel with degree 3 was used. It is based on structural risk minimization principle from computational learning theory. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. used six electrodes mounted on target muscles and a support vector machine was employed as a classifier 2. Maximizing the margin enhances the generalization capability of a support vector machine 16. Note  , that this phrase also includes function words  , etc. While classifiers differ  , we believe our results enable qualitative conclusions about the machine predictability of tags for state of the art text classifiers. It was able to orient our test images with modest accuracy  , but its performance was insufficient to break the captcha. Furthermore  , a method for utilising the HSS as the basis for Support-Vector Machine person recognition was detailed. A large majority of them are either provably or potentially unstable. The support state of a walking machine is a binary row vector  , whose com onents are the support states of its individual legs 4f There are in all 26 or 64 possible support states for a six-legged machine. It is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the question classification problem; Section 3 compares several machine learning approaches to question classification with conventional surface text features; Section 4 describes a special kernel function called tree kernel to enable the Support Vector Machines to take advantage of the syntactic structures of questions; Section 5 is the related work; and Section 6 concludes the paper. One binary support vector machine is trained for each unordered pair of classes on the training document set resulting in m*m-1/2 support vector machines. We detect the name entities using a support vector machine-based classifier 13  , and use the tagged Brown corpus 1 as training examples to train the classifier. By adding virtual relevant documents generated by transformation of original documents to training set  , we could improve performance significantly. We also show results that demonstrate the advantages of our approach over support vector machine based models. Machine learning methods such as support vector machines were usually employed in the classification. A support vector machine was trained on the first three quarters of the data and tested on the unused data. We tried training a support vector machine to predict the category labels of the snippets. According to this strategy  , fields in records are encoded using feature vectors that are used to train a binary support vector machine classifier. Experiment results show that our new idea on the feature is successful at least in this field. The approach taken was to train a support vector machine based upon textual features using active learning. Teo and Vishwanathan proposed fast and space efficient string kernels based on SAs and used the kernel with the support vector machine 33. However  , query classification was not extensively applied to query dependent ranking  , probably due to the difficulty of the query classification problem. However  , they assume that the features depend only on the input sequence and are independent of the output tag sequence. We report results as averages across all EC classes in We performed " one-class vs. rest " Support Vector Machine classification and repeated this for all six EC top level classes. This section presents the core of CSurf's Context Analyzer module  , that drives contextual browsing. They formalized the problem as that of classification and employed Support Vector Machines as the classifier. Three runs were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. Georeferencing has not only been applied to images or videos. Predictability " is approximated by the predictive power of a support vector machine. Many classifiers can be used with kernels  , we use Support Vector Machine. We compare the results obtained using the kernel functions defined in Sect. Because the task is a binary classification personal or organizational   , a support vector machine was used Chang and Lin 2011. The method was tested in the domain of robot localization. The whole system consists of three major compo­ nents  , namely texture feature extractor  , texture clas­ sifier and boundary detector. The feature will be put into the support vector machine and the associated da.% will be reported. 9  also describes a classification of outliers using a ball  , as a special case of One-class classification . We will use support vector machine classification and term-based representations of comments to automatically categorize comments as likely to obtain a high overall rating or not. Then  , titles from the same PDFs were extracted with a Support Vector Machine from Cite- Seer 1 to compare results. Our dataset PDFs  , software  , results is available upon request so that other researchers can evaluate our heuristics and do further research. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. This run used a support vector machine built from the normal features in Table 5to retrieve documents using a hybrid representation. Our official submission  , however  , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Support Vector Machine based text categorization 8  is adopted to automatically classify a textual document into a set of predefined hierarchy that consists of more than 1k categories. 18  propose three margin based methods in Support Vector Machine to select examples for querying which reduce the version space as much as possible. The emotional state annotations are derived through a framework based on a Multi-layer Support Vector Machine ap- proach 18. Once we have computed the distance for each field of the record pair  , we use a support vector machine to determine the overall goodness of the match. We then train a two-class support vector machine with the labelled feature vectors. The shallow semantic parser we use is the ASSERT parser  , which is trained on the PropBank Kingsbury et al. PropBank was manually annotated with verbargument structures. The confidence of the learned classifier is then used as a similarity metric for the records. Surprisingly  , our simple rule based heuristic performed better than a support vector machine. As already mentioned  , a VAD system tries to determine when a verbalization starts and when it ends. Then  , the signal is classified as voice or unvoice using a Support Vector Machine classifier. In general our contiguous support vector machine is more  sitive and more specific. One would need more data  , especially of control subjects to be able to state that automatic methods always significantly outperform human observers in clinical practice. One-class classification 9  transfers the problem of detecting outliers to a quadratic program solved by Support Vector Machine. This paper presents our research work on automatic question classification through machine learning approaches  , especially the Support Vector Machines. We still use Support Vector Machine  , a common  , simple yet powerful tool  , as the classifier. For example  , an article on Support Vector Machines might not mention the words machine learning explicitly  , since it is a specialized topic in the field of machine learning. The table that follows summarises generalization performance percentage of correct predictions on test sets of the Balancing Board Machine BBM on 6 standard benchmarking data sets from the UCI Repository  , comparing results for illustrative purposes with equivalent hard margin support vector machines. Results of a systematic and large-scale evaluation on our YouTube dataset show promising results  , and demonstrate the viability of our approach. Two sources of relevance annotations were used for different runs: the official annotations   , provided by the topic authorities; and annotations provided by a member of the Melbourne team with e-discovery experience though not legal training. Surprisingly  , this simple rule based heuristic performs better than a Support Vector Machine based approach. Since the appearance of microarray technology in to­ day's biological experiment  , gene expression data gen­ erated by various microarray experiments have in­ creased enormously  , and lots of works based on these data have been published. The underlying distribution of the unlabeled data is also investigated to choose the most representative examples 10. In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Most research are focused on analyzing microarray gene expression either to determine significant pathways that contribute to a phenotype of interest or deal with features genes selection problem. Pang and Lee found that using the Support Vector Machine classifier with unigrams and feature presence resulted in a threefold classification accuracy of 83%; therefore we also follow this strategy and use unigrams and only take into account feature presence. We used an opinionated lexicon consisting of 389 words  , which is a subset complied from the MPQA subjective lexicon 11. The well-known kernel trick is difficult to be applied to 9  , while kernel trick is considered as one of the main benefits of the traditional support vector machine. 2005   , who show that explicit feature mapping is preferable to implicit feature mapping using   , for example  , suffix trees for support vector machine training and classification of strings  , when using small k-mers. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. Their method was compared with five feature selection methods using two classifiers: K-nearest neighbour and support vector machine and it preformed the best for three microarray datasets. 15  proposes a multi-Criteria-based active learning for the problem of named entity recognition using Support Vector Machine. One of the most well-known approaches within this group is support vector machine active learning developed by Tong and Koller 31. After doing so  , we can produce a probabilistic spatiotemporal model of an event. This work was extended to assign features to each of the regions such as spatial features  , number of images  , sizes  , links  , form info  , etc that were then fed into a Support Vector Machine to assign an importance measurement to them. Support Vector Machine is trained to produce initial group suggestion as the baseline. Three experiments were conducted  , one based on nouns  , one based on stylometric properties  , and one based on punctuation statistics. The resulting blogs were classified using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. A central goal of the music information retrieval community is to create systems that efficiently store and retrieve songs from large databases of musical content 7. Basically  , Support Vector Machine aim at searching for a hyperplane that separates the positive data points and the negative data points with maximum margin. A support vector machine classifier is able to achieve an identification accuracy of over 88% using either the full force profile over the insertion or through the section of perceive work and stiffness metrics. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. When the sequence length t is large  , the huge number of classes makes the multi-class Support Vector Machine infeasible. Simple margin measures the uncertainty of an simple example x by its distance to the hyperplane w calculated as: In the framework of Support Vector Machine18  , three methods have been proposed to measure the uncertainty of simple data  , which are referred as simple margin  , MaxMin margin and ratio margin. Similar to regular Support Vector Machine  , a straightforward way to which is based on the negative value of the prediction score given by formula 10. Additionally  , we could show that it is possible to precisely predict the action  , by using a Support Vector Machine. In reducing total prediction error MNSE and AME polynomial kernel produced the best result while in predicting trend DS  , CU and CD radial basis and polynomial kernel produced equally good results. Using a support vector machine with normalized quadratic kernel and an all-pairs method  , this yields an accuracy of 67.9%. The importance measurement was used to order the display of regions for single column display. In addition  , we present a new tensor model that not only incorporates the domain knowledge but also well estimates the missing data and avoids noises to properly handle multi-source data. For the second step  , we employ a support vector machine as our classifier model. The selection of which method to use may depend on the implementation hardware as each provides similar statistical performance. Second  , they take a one-vs-all approach and learn a discriminative classifier a support vector machine or a regularized least-squares classifier for each term in the First  , they use a set of web-documents associated with an artist whereas we use multiple song-specific annotations for each song in our corpus. It is clear that popularity of topics vary over time  , new topics emerge and some topics cease to exist. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . Note that the features in sequence labeling not only depend on the input sequence s  , but also depends on the output y. In the following section  , we describe how the distance metric F i is learned. Due to its popularity and success in the previous studies  , it is used as the baseline approach in our study. We used synonymous word pairs extracted from Word- Net synsets as positive training examples and automatically generated non-synonymous word pairs as negative training examples to train a two-class support vector machine in section 3.4. We present an approach where potential target mentions of an SE are ranked using supervised machine learning Support Vector Machines where the main features are the syntactic configurations typed dependency paths connecting the SE and the mention. Borrowing from past studies on demographic inference   , three types of features were used for distinguishing between account types: 1 post content features  , 2 stylistic features  , how the information is presented  , and 3 structural and behavioral features based on how the account interacts with others. In the third set of experiments   , we apply our framework in the same manner as the first set  , except that the unformatted text block detection component is not used. Once the name entities are detected  , we compute their occurrence frequencies within the document corpus  , and discard those name entities which have very low occurrence values. The basic idea of the triple jump framework is to perform two iterations of bound or overrelaxed bound optimization to obtain γ  , and compute the next search point with a large η. It is based on three steps of data splitting   , which represent a so-called " smart search " of the jump points. How do we get this jump into picking up articles that really do not contain the proper search word ? Only concepts under expanded branches are considered during the search. Expecting to find a HTML button  , they may press " B " to jump only among buttons narrowing down their search space and reducing the amount of information they have to listen to. Planner 2 is resolution complete when all the jump points are considered. This paper focuses on find-similar's use as a search tool rather than as a browsing interface. Search options and all information needed to use the search box must be placed before the box since the screen reader cannot " jump " back and forth as the eyes could. The additional search-engine data structures ensure that we have at most one disk access per operation. We also see in this experiment that the MKS metric is fairly consistent with Recall. The search function has several issues—the scroll bar shows pink markers where the results appear but there is no jump to hit. Using such a technique leads to a significant increase in its efficiency. Appropriate labels must be given for input boxes and placed above or to the left of the input boxes. Since the size of Google's search space is unknown  , we cannot jump to the conclusion that our system outperforms Google's spelling suggestion system. While annotators must answer all questions before they can complete a policy annotation task  , they can jump between questions  , answer them in any order  , and edit their responses until they submit the task. Expert users would employ element-specific navigation allowing them to jump back and forth among elements of certain HTML type: buttons  , headings  , edit fields  , etc. The abstract page displays a full meta-record title  , authors  , abstract  , rights etc. However  , we cannot search the C-Space in the same manner with conventional obstacle avoidance problems because graspless manipulation may be irreversible and regrasping causes discontinuous ' ?jump " in this C-Space. Such organized image search results will naturally enable a user to quickly identify and zoom into a subset of results that is most relevant to her query intent. The bottom part displays page content  , with search terms highlighted; a text box lets users jump directly to specific pages  , and prev/next buttons let users scroll through the book a page at a time. For instance  , the maximum step size should not exceed the minimum obstacle dimension so that the moving object would not jump through an obstacle from one configuration to the next. Thus  , if search engines can identify high quality pages early on and promote them for a relatively short period  , the pages can achieve its eventual popularity significantly earlier than under the random-surfer model. Operations loc and next are easily implemented with a linked-list data structure  , while for nextr search engines augment the linked lists with tree-like data structures in order to perform the operation efficiently. Utility views are available as appropriate at all three levels of pages: domain  , vocabulary  , and book. While serendipity is difficult to design for by definition  , it can be supported through discriminability: it is important that it is obvious to a user when such items come into view – that the descriptions of items make their nature clear. Judges could browse a book sequentially or jump to a page  , browse using the hyperlinked table of contents  , search inside the book  , and visit the recommended candidate pages listed on the Assessment tab. Alternatively   , pointing at the 'search' item in the control window causes the text window to display the next occumence of the searched-for item. The locations of matching areas following a query are represented on the video timeline  , with button access to quickly jump forward and back through match areas. Teleporting is a search strategy where the user tries to jump directly to the information target  , e. g.  , the query 'phone number of the DFKI KM-Group secretary' delivers the document which contains the wanted phone number 23. Semantic teleporting does not deliver the document which contains the wanted phone number but the phone number itself. Scenario. Several issues must be resolved to realize this basic idea. Furthermore  , the result set from navigation is more likely to suggest relevant possible query reformulation terms along the way  , so that users can refine their own search queries and 'jump' closer before resuming navigation. a syntactic component . These nodes are treated by making a random jump whenever the random walk enters a dangling node. For example  , web pages for search tasks like " purchase computers "   , " maintain hardware " and " download software " are all linked with the Lenovo homepage 2   , and hyperlinks are also built among these web pages for users to jump from one task to another conveniently. To illustrate the effect of this query  , it is worthwhile to jump ahead a bit and show the results on our implemented prototype. We also present and evaluate jump indexes  , a novel trustworthy and efficient index for join operations on posting lists for multi-keyword queries. If he does not remember the right set of keywords to directly jump to this page  , it certainly would be nice if enhanced desktop search  , based on his previous surfing behavior  , would support him by returning the Microsoft home page  , as well as providing the list of links from this page he clicked on during his last visit. Accordingly  , we approximately represent this C-Space by a directed graph referred to as " manipulation-feasibility graph 3; we' conslruct nodes of the graph by discretizing the C-Space  , ana connect the nodes with directed arcs. Real Presenter does provide an integrated table of contents for each presentation so viewers can jump ahead to a particular slide but it doesn't provide keyword or text searches across multiple presentations. For example  , if users jump to Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Conversely  , in MT CLOSED  , the singleton i is not disregarded during the mining of subsequent closed itemsets. Although not directly comparable due to different test conditions  , different searches  , etc. In the modern object-oriented approach to search engines based on posting lists and DAAT evaluation  , posting lists are viewed as streams equipped with the next method above  , and the next method for Boolean and other complex queries is built from the next method for primitive terms. Another  , third kind of global steps is used toleavethe information system or to suspend the Preconditions: have to be true before an action can be acf.i- vated  , Example: Before a presentation of retrieved data can be generated  , the search providing the datarequiredby theselected presentation form must be completet Action: may be divided into two parts: a main action  , which is always required  , and one or more additional actions  , which can be optional or required  , Example Domain actions like 'formulate a query concerning workshops' may have an additional action like 'ask for terminology support for the workshop topic " xyz' " ; a domain action like 'present the retrieved workshops and their related topics' as the main action can be elaborated by an additional action like 'explain the difference between the presentation forms  Example presenting 'workshops' and their 'topics': according to the goals the user defined in the beginning of the dialogue  , the prcscmtation should present complctc information or in form of an overview. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. BSBM generates a query mix based on 12 queries template and 40 predicates. We randomly generated 100 different query mix of the " explore " use-case of BSBM. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. On the BSBM dataset  , the performance of all systems is comparable for small dataset sizes  , but RW-TR scales better to large dataset sizes  , for the largest BSBM dataset it is on average up to 10 times faster than Sesame and up to 25 times faster than Virtuoso. This behavior promotes the local cache. Two synthetic datasets generated using RDF benchmark generators BSBM 2 and SP2B 3 were used for scalability evaluation. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. The BSBM executes a mix of 12 SPARQL queries over generated sets of RDF data; the datasets are scalable to different sizes based on a scaling factor. The queries are in line with the BSBM mix of SPARQL queries and with the BSBM e-commerce use case that considers products as well as offers and reviews for these products. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. This is normal because the cache has a limited size and the temporal locality of the cache reduce its utility. We note that BSBM datasets consist of a large number of star substructures with depth of 1 and the schema graph is small with 10 nodes and 8 edges resulting in low connectivity. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. Therefore  , 5 entries in the profile is sometimes not enough to compute a good similarity. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Our extension  , available from the project website  , reads the named graphs-based datasets  , generates a consumer-specific trust value for each named graph  , and creates an assessments graph. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. We generate co-reference for each class separately to make sure that resources are only equivalent to those of the same class. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. We run an experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M  , hosted on the same LDF server with 2 differents URLs. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. In the same spirit  , the corresponding SQL queries also consider various properties such as low selectivity  , high selectivity  , inner join  , left outer join  , and union among many others. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. To measure the impact of this extension on query execution times we compare the results of executing our extended version of the BSBM with ARQ and with our tSPARQL query engine. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. To eliminate the effects of determining trust values in our engine we precompute the trust values for all triples in the queried dataset and store them in a cache. Both benchmarks allow for the creation of arbitrary sized data sets  , although the number of attributes for any given class is lower than the numbers found in the ssa. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. In all the cases  , we compare the queries generated by D2R Server with –fast enabled with the queries generated by Morph with subquery and self-join elimination enabled. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. The performance also varies depending on the choice of scoring function. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. We begin with the usual assumption that for each query  , there is a scoring function that assigns a score to each document  , so that the documents with the highest scores are the most relevant. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. Thus similar titles will appear approximately in the same column  , with the better scoring titles towards the top. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. SP and SP* select a specification page using our scoring function in Section 3.2; SP selects a page from the top 30 results provided by Google search engine  , while SP* selects a page from 10 ,000 pages randomly selected from the local web repository . It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. A keyword search engine like Lucene has OR-semantics by default i.e. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. Our experiments this year for the TREC 1-Million Queries Track focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine 4. Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. As an example  , a state-of-the-art IR definition for a singleattribute scoring function Score is as follows 17: Specifically  , the score that we assign to a joining tree of tuples T for a query Q relies on:  Single-attribute IR-style relevance scores Scorea i   , Q for each textual attribute a i ∈ T and query Q  , as determined by an IR engine at the RDBMS  , and  A function Combine  , which combines the singleattribute scores into a final score for T . Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value.  KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set  , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. KLSH provides a powerful framework to explore arbitrary kernel/similarity functions where their underlying embedding only needs to be known implicitly. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates.