We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. The fitting is quite convincing for most of the goals see 
Conclusions 
Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations not only with their friends    , but also with the world at large. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions.   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. Yet another complicating dimension    , which is nevertheless critical to scale large testing systems    , is distributed benchmarking across multiple hosts. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. The many-to-many translation relations for biological and its paraphrased or synonymous words between English and Chinese are depicted in 
OUR APPROACH: OVERVIEW
Our approach of using translation representation for a monolingual retrieval task is summarized in 
CONSTRUCTION OF TRANSLATION REPRESENTATION
Expected Frequency of an Auxiliary Word
In this paper    , source language refers to the language of a given document collection    , and auxiliary language refers to an additional language used as the translation representation . Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. What is the quality of the mappings  ? The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. We then present four simple experimental designs that cover a range of benchmarking setups    , including " live " benchmarks and carefully controlled experiments    , and derive their standard errors. Following the likelihood principle    , one determines P d    , P zjd    , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 
L = X d2D X w2W nd; w log P d; w ; 3 
where nd; w denotes the term frequency    , i.e. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . We compare the highest value with the cutoff value to determine whether the pictogram is relevant or not. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. Dijkstra 1969 EWD-249    , derived in a systematic way. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. RQ3 considers a second aspect of topic    , whether the topic is visually or semantically oriented 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN 2.1 Design
In our experiment we manipulated four independent variables: image size small    , medium    , large    , relevance level relevant    , not relevant    , topic difficulty easy    , medium    , difficult    , very difficult and topic visuality visual    , medium    , semantic. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. We present the influence of α l     , αg and β in 
Community Membership Evaluation
On the PAPER dataset    , the evaluation result of NCut CCD = 1351.02    , and we list the evaluation results of Net- PLSA regarding to its parameter λ in 
Case Study
This section gives some case studies in the PAPER dataset to show the semantic community discovery ability of ToP. dynamic programming    , greedy    , simulated annealing    , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 
Extendibility
As anticipated    , to meet the extensibility and maintainability requirement previously identified the VDL Generator is    , by design    , composed of three parts: the search strategy    , the logical components and their search space    , the physical components and their search space. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Feature Selection
We first consider the problem of feature selection    , i.e. Coordinate Ascent Fitting Procedure
We adopt an iterative optimization procedure which alternates between a fitting the model parameters Θ given the segmented timeline Λ    , and b segmenting the timeline Λ given the current estimate of the model parameters Θ. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. We employ a deep learning engine to semantically label photos to explore the visual content of real-life photos. Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. W3C 
TU The TU benchmark contains both English and Dutch textual evidence. EXPERIMENTS AND RESULTS
In this section    , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. Experiment Design
Two datasets of movie ratings are used in our experiments: MovieRating 
and EachMovie 2 . One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. Similarly    , for each observed rating rij     , we have the following stochastic gradient descent updating rules to learn the latent parameters: 
ui ← ui + γ1 ∆ijvj − α f ∈F + i s if ui − u f  −α g∈F − i sigui − ug − λ1ui     , vj ← vj + γ2∆ijui − λ2vj    , 
4 where ∆ij = rij − u T i vj     , 
5 
and F − i represents user i's inlink friends. The following two sections describe our experimental design and results. We use this method in our prediction experiments on heldout data in the Experiments section. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. INTRODUCTION
 Recent developments in the conceptual view of Information Retrieval marked a departure from the traditional models of relevance and the emergence of language modeling frameworks    , introduced by Ponte and Croft 
Earlier work on probabilistic models of information retrieval 
RELATED WORK
 There are two directions of information retrieval research that provide a theoretical foundation for our model: the now classic work on probabilistic models of relevance    , and the recent developments in language modeling techniques for IR. Capturing LCC Structure: To capture the connectivity structure of the Largest Connected Component LCC    , we use a few high-degree users as starting seeds and crawl the structure using a breadth-first search BFS strategy. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. In summary    , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. We wanted to see if a the fourth approach    , the categorized and weighted approach    , performed better than the rest; b the semantic relevance approach in general was better than the simple query match approach; c the categorized approach in general was better than the not-categorized approach. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. Full details of this recognition system are contained in 
Scanned Document Collection
The scanned document collection was based on the 21  ,759 " NEWS " stories in TDT-2 Version 3 
Design of the Mixed-Media Collection
The experimental mixed-media collection is based on a partition of the existing mono-media documents collections of electronic text    , spoken data and scanned document images. Previous work on the relationship between topic familiarity and search behavior has established that when users are more familiar with a topic    , they spend less time on search tasks    , and are likely to find a higher number of relevant documents as a proportion of documents viewed 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
To investigate the impact of topic familiarity on search behavior    , we carried out a user study. Suppose a modeller or domain expert is developing a tourism ontology and has to figure out the relation between the classes Campground and RuralArea. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. To combat this problem    , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr    , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. Examples of learned translation probabilities are listed in 
EXPERIMENT
In this experiment    , we examine-the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from the bilingual corpus generated by an online translation system. In the future    , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup    , similar to the QALD hybrid task    , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. The Combined Model
 The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting    , w = 5    , and w = 6. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. To achieve this goal    , we first partition the timeline into N continuous bins of equal size. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. The first portion computes the new outcome that would have been the societal if user i's values had been ignored and then computes the social utility for such an outcome. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. nodes with no connections increases. In preliminary experiments we were able to achieve higher performance by using a different type of smoothing on the document models. Fitting the Fashion Epoch Segmentation Λ
 Given the model parameters Θ    , this step finds the optimal segmentation of the timeline to optimize the objective in Eq. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1    , 0    , 1}. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN AND RESULT
 Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites    , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website    , shop.com    , for our experiments. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA    , K    , and the orders of the ARSA model    , p and q. This provides the needed document ranking function. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. Resolution was set to 1024x768. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. 6 
The TDCM assumption 1 SKIPPING BIAS ASSUMPTION is modeled by 3 and 6. Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. This    , in turn    , corresponds to computing the negative logprobability of the true class. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. The particulars of how this assignment procedure works is the experimental design    , and it can substantially affect the precision with which we can estimate δ. We suggested why classical models with their explicit notion of relevance may potentially be more attractive than models that limit queries to being a sample of text. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. Given that our system is trained off this data    , we believe we can drastically improve the performance of our system by identifying the blog posts have been effectively tagged    , meaning that the tags associated with the post are likely to be considered relevant by other users. To the former we owe the concept of a relevance model: a language model representative of a class of relevant documents. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. These parameters can be determined by maximizing the log-likelihood function i.e. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. CLEF will provide the opportunity for monolingual system testing and tuning and build up test suites in other European languages beginning with French   , We have fit our model to the goals of WORLDCUP. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Finally    , we reiterated the importance of choosing expansion terms that model relevance    , rather than the relevant documents and showed how LCE captures both syntactic and query-side semantic dependencies. Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered    , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. Given the synthesized schemas    , we created a database for each alternative . Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. Using these constraints    , we calculate the model parameters Θ with maximizing the log-likelihood log L in Equation 9. HR0011-12-C-0015; NSF under awards IIS- 0916043 and IIS-1144034. This last point may be illustrated by considering the results of term weighting experiments carried out recently by Christopher Buckley at Cornell 
Univ~rsity. Single dimension with no hierarchies
 In this case the subcube C b consists of a onedimensional array of T real-values. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. Whilst this may imply agreement between the searcher and the system    , some aspects of the experimental design may have created a bias towards more documents being saved from the top of the list. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects    , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. 7 
for an empirically determined threshold τS which governs how similar a term a must be to m to be considered a viable translation for m. 
Combining Evidence
 The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. The changes in daily gross revenues are depicted in 
Discussion
It is interesting to observe from 
S-PLSA: A PROBABILISTIC APPROACH TO SENTIMENT MINING
In this section    , we propose a probabilistic approach to analyzing sentiments in the blogs    , which will serve as the basis for predicting sales performance. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. eXtreme Programming XP's planning game. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. REFERENCES Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. Similar to the click modeling for document retrieval    , this sumption explains why top ranked queries receive more clicks even though they are not necessarily relevant to the given prefix. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. RELATED WORK
Monolingual Retrieval
 Word ambiguity has been extensively investigated in information retrieval using WSD. Hence a mechanism should be provided to make the DBMS itself extensible by user defined functions such that they become part of the DBMS's query language. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. Our approach is compared to two commonly used weighting schemes: the inverse user frequency IUF 
3 How is the weighted memory-based approach compared to other approaches  ? A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. Let Bt denote the set of blogs on the movie of interest that were posted on day t. The average probability of sentiment factor z = j conditional on blogs in Bt is defined as 
ωt  ,j = 1 |Bt| b∈B t pz = j|b    , 
 where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors    , such as position and social influence bias    , and article-specific factors. In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. University of Maryland tried to circumvent the problem by using an unified index in some of their runs    , but the other groups working on the main task all had to rely on merging of some sort to combine their individual    , bilingual cross-language runs. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections    , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. In addition    , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. The major issue in the integration of biomedical data is the large number of distributed    , semantically disparate data sources that need to be combined into a useful and usable system for biologists. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. The user interface is then established by performing experimental evaluations. We first vary K    , with fixed p and q values p = 7    , and q = 1. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. Our empirical study with documents from ImageCLEF has shown that this approach is more effective than the translation-based approach that directly applies the online translation system to translate queries. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. An extension could also support composition and association between types    , supporting the structuring mechanisms from object-oriented programming languages in full generality. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. yt = p i=1 φiyt−i + q i=1 K j=1 ρi  ,jωt−i  ,j + t    , 
2 
where p    , q    , and K are user-chosen parameters    , while φi and ρi  ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view.   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. Also    , when the standardised server is in place real    , strongly typed links via dynamic linking or interpretation could profitably be considered. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. The AgileViews framework 
Tasks 
Different tasks require different kinds of search strategies    , systems    , and UIs 
METHOD 
 There are tradeoffs between pure experimental betweensubjects  and repeated measure within-subject user studies. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. Which resource for training the semantic space  ? Results
A total of twelve groups from six different countries submitted results for the TREC-8 CLIR track see 
Participant 
Merging remained an important issue for most participants. EXPERIMENTAL SETUP 2.1 Interface
These experiments were conducted as part of our participation in the TREC 2007 ciQA task.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. Equipped with the proposed models    , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. All 24 out of 24 QALD-4 queries    , with all there syntactic variations    , were correctly fitted in NQS    , giving a high sensitivity to structural variation. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. The community at large should come together and build systems that conform to standards which will support common data interchange formats    , dynamic    , programmatic access to local and remote data sources    , and common application programming interfaces. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH.   , ridge regularization. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play    , with objects as actors. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. We note a significant drop in the number of relevant documents for the TREC-8 CLIR task    , which may play a role: Query Track JHU/APL also participated in the query track. Finally    , the unnormalized importance weight for particle f     , ω f after td is updated as
ω f ← ω f P xtd|z f td     , s f td     , x1:t−1    , 
7 
 which has the intuitive explanation that the weight for particle f is updated by multiplying in the marginal probability of the new observation xtd    , which we compute from the last 10 samples of the MCMC sweep over a given document. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. For each combination of the parameters    , we run the inference for 100 iterations. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. Result Ranking. It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. Our official results for these five runs are shown in 
Cross Language Track 
English French German Italian 6-grams 1.0 2.5 8.5 1.0 Words 6.0 1.0 1.0 1.5 
The resulting combined runs were then merged using these weights: The similarity of these runs lead us to believe that tuning weights under this approach to merging is not a cost-effective use of one's time. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs    , we develop ARSA    , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. Moreover    , it is worth noticing that    , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other    , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines    , e.g. Then the fitting problem is solved with a dynamic programming procedure    , which finds the segmentation such that rankings inside all bins are predicted most accurately. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. Next    , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. The default language of the interface was alternated between Māori and English in 2005. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. In light of TF*IDF    , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. In early years    , researchers have investigated into task-oriented conversation systems 
RELATED WORK
Conversation Systems
Early work on conversation systems is generally based on rules or templates and is designed for specific domains 
 Unlike previous work    , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing    , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques    , and augments the search with dynamic programming. Initialization. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. We assume independence between lemmas . We would extract those facts as a whole    , noting that they might appear more than once in the abstract    , and then take both fact and term frequency into consideration when ranking the abstracts for relevance. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals    , regardless of other individuals choices. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. , F1 score < 1. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. For German    , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. An arbitrary cutoff point of 20 was chosen for the collection rBllking for each query    , which gave 3 categories of documents for each query. CONCLUSIONS
We discussed a model of retrieval that bridges a gap between the classical probabilistic models of information retrieval    , and the emerging language modeling approaches. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. In general    , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~    , 
 N~N6w K log k N~ 6' K  + N.zXlog 4     , e     , 4 
with respect to all parameters   ,I   ,    , ~    , r. The normalization ensures that each document gets the same weight irrespective of its length; 0 < c~ < 1 has to be specified a priori. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. Those which are specific to software and account for the internal complexity of programs i. e.    , their dynamic behaviors and    , possibly    , psychometric data on the programming activity. Computational Complexity
All the presented approaches allow the computation of the probabilities using a dynamic programming approach. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. For example    , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. The subjective effort results also indicate that visual topics require less effort to judge in terms of subjective effort    , for example it was found that participants believed they had better performance for visual topics    , while for semantic topics    , the perceived mental workload and effort was greater. Image tagging aims to automatically assign concepts to images and has been studied intensively in the past decade    , while transfer deep learning has drawn a great deal of attention recently with the success of deep learning techniques. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work    , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. We have followed the method described in 
Conclusions and Future Work
We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition    , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. Demand for Experimentation. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. This design method is by definition iterative. Since we analyzed document similarity based on weighted word frequency    , it was important that non-English documents be removed    , since we used an English-language corpus to estimate the general frequency of word occurrence. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. If the response structure e.g. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. Probabilistic Retrieval Model for Semi-structured Data
The probabilistic retrieval model for semistructured data PRM-S 
P F k ∈F PM w|F k PM F k  
1 
Here    , PM w|Fj is calculated by dividing the number of occurrences for term w by total term counts in the field Fj across the whole collection. Given HAIRCUT's average precision of 31.5% on the TREC-8 ad hoc task    , it seems unlikely that the drop in English performance is due to some sort of overtraining on the TREC-7 data. The present section is structured according to the above categorization. Term-Weighting Components
In 
simq    , d = t∈q w td × wtq 1 
where simq    , d is the similarity measure between a query q and a document d. Ten years after Salton and Buckley's proposal    , the work of Zobel and Moffat 
Genetic Programming
 Genetic Programming GP    , an inductive learning technique introduced by Koza in 
COMBINED COMPONENT APPROACH
Our Combined Component Approach CCA is a GP-based approach for discovering good ranking formulas. These categories are:  REL/RETR-relevant documents retrieved above the cut- off  NON/RETR-non-relev8llt documents retrieved above the cutoff  REL/NON-relevant documents not retrieved above the 'cutoff 
What the results in 
The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Results: Overall Approach
First    , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting    , model combination    , and complexity control. Finally    , we need a ranking function that assigns scores to the datasets in CCDD S  with respect to D S expressing the likelihood of a dataset in CCDD S  to contain identical instances with those of D S . The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. Module 3 Rule execution receives detected events from module 2 and executes the concerned rules taking into account the coupling modes    , cascading in the sense of execution cycles    , priorities between rules    , and the calculation of net effect. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. IMRank achieves both remarkable efficiency and high accuracy by exploiting the interplay between the calculation of ranking-based marginal influence spread and the ranking of nodes. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . The most popular choices for pooling operation are: max and average pooling. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional    , simpler example. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. Automatic evaluation of tag suggestion engines is also critical to building effective systems. Experimental Design
Scenario. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. Evaluation
To evaluate TagAssist    , we used data provided to use by Technorati    , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. Our goal in the design of the PIA model and system was to allow a maximum freedom in the formulation and combination of predicates while still preserving a minimum semantic consensus necessary to build a meaningful user interface    , an eaecient query evaluator    , user proaele manager    , persistence manager etc. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. First    , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics    , and get the probability of each topic over each image    , P z|I. INTRODUCTION AND DATASET
 Ranking is a major concern to information retrieval applications such as document ranking on search engines. Sparck Jones and Van Rijsbergen Sparck Jones 76/ suggest that the ideal collection should: q be large    , i.e. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. A holistic approach for finding optimal plans based on Iterative Dynamic Programming IDP 
Future Work
Other future work will be the support for DESCRIBE-queries and IRIs as subjects. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase    , most of the differences are not significant.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. Considerations other than pure utility values such as income and fairness might need to be taken into account. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. This means in practice that a person uses approximately a day to finalize the work. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This material is based on work supported in part by the Library of Congress and Department of Commerce under cooperative agreement number EEC-9209623    , in part by SPAWARSYSCEN-SD grant number N66001-99-1-8912    , and in part by the Advanced Research and Development Activity in Information Technology ARDA under its Statistical Language Modeling for Information Retrieval Research Program    , contract number MDA904-00-C-2106. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. Abstract 
Current query languages for relational databases usually are fixed    , i.e. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. This has been done in a heuristic fashion in the past    , and may have stifled the performance of classical probabilistic approaches. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. Several papers formalized position bias using probabilistic models    , such as the Cascade model Therefore    , by modeling both types of dependencies we see an additive effect    , rather than an absorbing effect. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. Different from the traditional PLSA 
RELATED WORK
Sentiment Mining
Most existing work on sentiment mining sometimes also under the umbrella of opinion mining focuses on determining the semantic orientations of documents. We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. The initial research efforts on WSD for information retrieval were performed using manual sense annotation 
Cross-Lingual Retrieval
Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 
AN ILLUSTRATING EXAMPLE
To illustrate why translation is helpful in handling the word ambiguity and vocabulary mismatch problems    , consider the following TREC query Q335 " Adoptive Biological Parents "     , and focus on the ambiguous word " biological " . Conclusion
This year we approached TREC Genomics using a cross language IR CLIR techniques. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. Conclusion and Future Plans
This paper presented the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. Semantic Accuracy: We observed an SP of 91.92 % for the OWL-S TC query dataset. Accordingly    , objects {g    , h    , i    , j    , k    , l    , m} are grouped into the second cluster . The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. We found that the notion of 'alignment' used by the teachers was both qualitatively and quantitatively different when they were searching for aligned curriculum themselves vs. judging alignment suggestions identified by others. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method    , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. Although the experiment included only six topics    , which made it feasible to increase the number of test subjects    , fruitful data was collected on the characteristics of topics. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. In our implementation    , we sample users uniformly to optimize the average AUC metric to be discussed later. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. There were a total of 106 bilingual aspects from 36 topics that met this requirement excluding the All Others categories. HAIRCUT exhibited 79% recall at 1000 on the CLIR task    , and a high average precision relative to retrieval using human-translated queries. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. The result is that the probabilistic model has been important mainly for providing solid foundations for much of the information retrieval work rather than as a practical tool in experimental or operational situations. Our models produced state-of-the-art results on TREC 2007 Blog Distillation dataset. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. The two are related quantities with different focuses. As the first click model for QAC    , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking    , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. This can be perceived from results already. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. with the task model as the experimental system. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Dennis Egan of BelIcore ran these experiments    , with two chemistry pr+ fessors at Cornell serving as consultants to design the questions    , and 1000 articles from the Jounzal of the American Chemical Society used for data. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. In most experiments    , the proposed methods    , especially LIB*LIF fusion     , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. Our initial examination revealed that the allocated users IDs are very evenly distributed across the ID space. Also    , PM Fj denotes the prior probability of field Fj mapped into any query term before observing collection statistics. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. Each of these macro parts can be changed independently. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications    , e.g. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. It was almost as if the default language of the interface was subconsciously suggesting to the user how they should undertake their information retrieval activities. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. However    , we recognize the limitations of the trade-offs we made in our study design     , including the small sample size and lack of experimental control. The latter problem is trivial    , as users tend to have very few pinboards per category 
Category prediction
We design a multi-class Random Forest classifier 7 to learn which category a user will repin a given image into.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3.   , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. Section 3 reports the experimental results of several well-known ontology systems on the UOBM and provides detailed discussions. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion. INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior    , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior    , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. One of the main obstacles to effective performance of the classical probabilistic models has been precisely the challenge of estimating the relevance model. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. Prec@ 
CONCLUSION
In the study    , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. To this end    , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate    , for example    , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. The most difficult aspect in experimental design was deciding how to choose the query pairs. Overall    , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification    , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. Each element function fcw is a negative log-likelihood function with the 2 norm for composition c    , which is a single element of set C. 
Optimization
There are a few issues with optimizing the composite objectives in 3.6. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in 
shows the learned variances together with the number of ratings for each movie. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h h APPROACH QUERY DOCTOR BOOK CRY PLAYGROUND BEDTIME 
Conclusion
 Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design    , and they do not have single    , clear semantics. For the online study    , we computed each recommendation list type anew for users in the denser BookCrossing dataset    , 
ΘF = 0 b 
Figure 3: Intra-list similarity behavior a and overlap with original list b for increasing ΘF though without K-folding. The first independent model IND assumes that the relevance of a specific top-ranked passage si is independent of the relevance of any other passage in s. We use the logistic function to model the relevance of a passage. A. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. For a value of a property    , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: 
πig *  = X j =i vj arg max g∈G X k =i v k g − X j =i vjg *  3 
 Note user i's tax πig *  for selecting outcome g * is composed of two portions    , that are computed over a group of users excluding user i. Model selection
 Many of the dependences may be statistically insignificant     , so the respective coefficients should be set to zero. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Note    , partial bindings    , which come from the same input    , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. Availability of both words and n-grams also helped us significantly in the cross-language task    , for which HAIRCUT was a first-time participant. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. That is    , instead of using the appraisal words    , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set    , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. , 71 does not depend on X. l 
When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts    , then the curve approximates a step function. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. Finally     , if the effective number of particles �ωt� −2 2 falls below a threshold we stochastically replicate each particle based on its normalized weight. Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/    , this risk seems to be tolerable. As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. These lexicons along with example posts for each narrative are shown in 
What Factors Are Predictive of Success  ? For TREC-6    , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST 
 English: NIST    , Gaithersburg    , MD    , USA Ellen Voorhees  French: University of Zurich    , Switzerland Michael Hess  German: IZ Sozialwissenschaften    , Germany Jürgen Krause    , Michael Kluck  Italian: IEI-CNR    , Pisa    , Italy Carol Peters At each site    , an initial 10 topics were formulated. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. DATA AUGMENTATION & TRAINING
We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques    , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. The basic premise behind the dynamic programming formulation is that we can decompose the set of tuples T into two subsets T and T − T     , find the optimal solution for each of them separately and combine them to get the final answer for the full set T . Estimating £ ¤ § © in a typical retrieval environment is difficult because we have no training data: we are given a query    , a large collection of documents and no indication of which documents might be relevant. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation. , SVA and CR    , and SVA 2 and CR 2     , respectively. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. The third one is the CMU system    , which gives the best performance in TREC 2007 and 2008 evaluations 
Baseline 
CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we introduced two probabilistic models that model individual blog posts as hidden variables for blog seed retrieval tasks. Note that the variance is inversely proportional to the number of ratings so as the number of ratings increases the model becomes increasingly more certain in the preferences decreasing the variance. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. Future work will produce finer grained models specific to the methods applicable to XP and Dynamic Systems Development Method    , APs with substantial records of successful industrial application    , which will then be mapped to software risk elements. Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. Next    , we presented techniques for extracting researcher names and research interests from their homepages. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model    , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. Introduction
Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 
The Niupepa Digital Library Collection
The Niupepa DL www.nzdl.org/niupepa makes available a collection of historic Māori newspapers published between 1842 and 1933 
Data Collection and Definition
The default language is defined as the language that the interface to the Niupepa DL web site is displayed in when the home page www.nzdl.org/niupepa is requested. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. 2. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. As shown in 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 25: Combination and Fusion 
Comparison with alternative methods
To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction    , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we proposed a novel probabilistic model for blog opinion retrieval. After fitting this model    , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. Section 2 describes related work. Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. For each blog entry b    , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors    , P z|b. Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. The encoder consists of convolutional layers to extract features from the characters and an LSTM layer to encode the sequence of features to a vector representation    , while the decoder consists of two LSTM layers which predict the character at each time step from the output of encoder. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Pair programming transforms what has traditionally been a solitary activity into a cooperative effort. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. Any programming language which supports static types could be used as well    , for example MODULA /Wi83/. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. Furthermore. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. from a journal a real world example for a database containing medical document abstracts is given by the Journal of Clinical Oncology 1 . Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. Finally    , we adopt the weighted combination of the m kernels: 
κ = m l=1 α l κ l for KLSH. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . it is possible in the probabilistic environment to take into account at least some of the dependencies and relationships between the terms used to iden- tify the queries and the stored records. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in 
1. Preparation 
Invitation 
Kick
Related work
Other approaches similar to RaPiD7 exist    , too. These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. , projection    , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. In Sect. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. Model Formulation
 Based on the assumptions defined above    , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. Note that    , in practice    , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features     , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100  ,000 in our data set    , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. This section describes how this has been achieved in the Advanced Information Management Prototype For the user    , the most obvious solution to the query: Find all properties such that the length of the boundary is larger than a certain value    , would be to define a function 'get-length' which computes the length of a boundary and then use this function in the following  These types need some explanations: Since PAS- CAL like many other programming languages does not support dynamic arrays    , " special solutions " have to be used to overcome the problems of representing variable long lists or sets. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. Next we describe how to derive a coordinate-ascentstyle optimization procedure to fit these two components. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. INTRODUCTION
In recent years    , Weblogs or blogs in short have become a popular type of media on the Web. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire    , given by: uic = vig − πi. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. Given the limitation of automatic translation systems    , our plan is to include bilingual dictionaries to improve the quality of the automatically generated parallel corpus. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. Those resulting from extensions to software of techniques used for assessing hardware reliability and test coverage ; Z. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . , a 50:50 random split that has been previously applied in the defect prediction literature 
0.0 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.4 0.5 0.6 
¨ © 
In a within-project setting    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier with only random forest ranking in the first tier. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. If this assertion is true    , than one can use a much less dense matrix instead of the full X to achieve the same goal    , and significantly reduce the mapping time because the computation in d x X is proportional to the number of non-zero elements in matrix X and vector d 
Conclusions
 To conclude the study in this paper    , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping    , at the levels of words    , word combinations    , and word-category associations. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. This list is used by the predictor to perform a breadth first search of the possible concepts representing the input text. Since our focus is on type prediction     , we employ retrieval models used in the recent work by Kim et al. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures. Pearson's correlation r ∈ 
Individualism vs. Collectivism 
In addition to pace of life    , also human relationships differ across cultures. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold    , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. Experimental Design and Results
We want to address the following questions: 1. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. Therefore    , we extracted entities from the topic description and the top related tweets by means of different NER services DBpedia Spotlight    , Alchemy API    , and Zemanta. Our method presupposes a set of pictograms having a list of interpretation words and ratios for each pictogram. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. After enough information about previously-executed    , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp     , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. The first two are the Indri language model passage and document retrieval systems Indri-psg    , Indri-doc. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. We are also exploring novel way of presenting the suggestion list    , besides using plain text. In addition    , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. This procedure resembles the one used in 
Fitting the Model Parameters Θ
This step fixes the epoch segmentation Λ and adopts stochastic gradient ascent to optimize the regularized log-likelihood in Eq. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. We wrap up with related work and conclusions.