TOPIC RELATED OPINION RETRIEVAL
Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. There are 3 major contributions in this work: 1 we propose a contextual query reformulation framework with ranking fusions for the conversation task; 2 we integrate multi-dimension of ranking evidences     , i.e. In order to follow the edges in one direction in time    , we treat the edges between topic nodes as directed edges. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski    , Oula Heikkinen    , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. Examples of learned translation probabilities are listed in 
EXPERIMENT
In this experiment    , we examine-the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from the bilingual corpus generated by an online translation system. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that    , when he I used it    , it worked. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. In addition    , given that we allow users to freely enter additional tags    , we can use that information to improve TagAssist. , 
κ = m l=1 1 m κ l     , 
 and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. For the multi-probe LSH method    , we have implemented both step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Results: Numeric Data
We used the numeric data properties of the City class from DBpedia divided into 10 data sources to test our approach on numeric data. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Displaying query term information in the hit list as well as highlighting best passages and query terms in documents    , assisted users in making relevance judgements for the simple topics but they were less helpful on their own for the more complex topics where searchers had to engage with the content. , b} 
Unlike the regular KLSH that adopts a single kernel    , BMKLSH employs a set of m kernels for the hashing scheme. A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. Anil Dash    , a tech blogger and entrepreneur    , has written about his experiences being on the old version of the suggested users list 
Date 
Very shortly after being put on the old suggested user list on Oct. 2    , 2009    , Mr. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. The promising results we obtained during experimentations encourage us to propose and experiment new profiling techniques that take into account the number of transferred triples and compare with the current profiling technique. Section 3 provides details on our interface design and experimental setup. Search terms can easily be highlighted in found documents if they are presented using the internal representation; otherwise some word-by-word positional mapping back to the original may be needed. The vector output at the final time-step    , encN     , is used to represent the entire tweet. The support vector machine then learns the hyperplane that separates the positive and negative training instances with the highest margin. Different LSH families can be used for different distance functions D. Families for Jaccard measure    , Hamming distance     , 1 and 2 are known 
h a  ,b v = j a · v + b W k 
 where a is a d-dimensional random vector with entries chosen independently from a p-stable distribution and b is a real number chosen uniformly from the range 
Basic LSH Indexing
 Using a family of LSH functions H    , we can construct indexing data structures for similarity search. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. We note a significant drop in the number of relevant documents for the TREC-8 CLIR task    , which may play a role: Query Track JHU/APL also participated in the query track. The first example is an on-line application; the second is run off-line to produce stored data.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. We also studied query independent features on an Support Vector Machine classifier. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. To prove the applicability of our technique    , we developed a system for aggregating and retrieving online newspaper articles and broadcast news stories. However    , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic    , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory    , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. To retrieve better intention-conveying pictograms using a word query    , we proposed a semantic relevance measure which utilizes interpretation words and frequencies collected from a web survey. A well equipped and powerful system should be able to compare the content of the abstracts regarding their semantics    , i.e. The same AROW parameters of the baseline model were used. With the acquired translation pairs    , we can now learn translation probabilities between Chinese words and English words. RELATED WORK
 Identifying the search intent of a user query is a longstanding research goal in IR that is generally treated as a classification scheme. When WVF = 0    , after the initial placement is found no placement changes are ever needed. Similarly    , the research community has created excellent production digital libraries systems: NCSTRL/Dienst 
NCSTRL and Its Limitations 
In this section    , we discuss NCSTRL and its implementation limitations. General Interest Model
The general interest model captures the user's interests in terms of categories e.g. Next we describe how to derive a coordinate-ascentstyle optimization procedure to fit these two components. Auto-regressive modeling
Auto-regressive models are the most widely known and used. SIGIR 
CNN-LSTM ENCODER-DECODER
In this section    , we describe the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model that operates at the character level and generates vector representation of tweets. , inverse user frequency weighting IUF and variance weighting VW. The Qrels-based measures MAP and P@10 for a specific system were evaluated using the official TREC Qrels and the trec eval program    , while the Trels-based measures tScore    , tScore@k were evaluated using a set of Trels    , manually created by us    , for the same TREC topics for which Qrels exist. We base our choice of experimental conditions on the reported perceptions of queries to reflect H2 and we reduced the number of tasks to six in an e↵ort to counteract the fatigue e↵ect observed in the pilot. It achieves the goal by iteratively adjusting current ranking as follows: 
 Compute the ranking-based marginal influence spread of all nodes Mr with respect to the current ranking r; 
 4.2 Calculate ranking-based marginal influence spread 
 The core step in IMRank is the calculation of rankingbased marginal influence spread. From specialized systems like Ushahidi for crisis mapping    , Foldit for protein folding and Duolingo for translation to general-purpose crowdsourcing platforms like Amazon Mechanical Turk and Crowdflower – these systems have shown the effectiveness of intelligently organizing large numbers of people. The basic idea is to model the event sequence as a play    , with objects as actors. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms    , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Authoring documents traditionally usually rely on inspections 
The following chapter provides insights to a method developed in Nokia in order to address the aforementioned problems in authoring documentation. First    , with similar query times    , the query-directed probing sequence requires significantly fewer hash tables than the step-wise probing sequence. The default language of the interface was alternated between Māori and English in 2005. Previous studies of linguistic bias have involved manually annotating textual descriptions of people by LCM categories 
We measure the above properties in various ways    , and using appropriate statistical models    , compare their use in IMDb biographies across actor race and gender. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3    , CQA : 0.7}    , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability    , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. On Persons 1    , the three curves are near -coincidental    , while in the case of ACM-DBLP    , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence    , two curves are coincidental. We present optimization strategies for various scenarios of interest. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection    , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The user interface is designed by first applying a conceptual design method. We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly    , instead of their mapped clusters. MGED 
Current methodological research on building ontologies focuses on the gathering and conceptualization of knowledge while avoiding fallacies in the formal specification of the model 
CONCLUSION Consistency in ontology schema design is essential. KLSH-Weight: We evaluate the mAP performance of all kernels on the training set    , calculate the weight of each kernel w.r.t. As shown in 
New York Times Collection
 With the NY Times corpus    , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity    , rand index    , and precision Table 5. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. In order to deepen our understanding of interactive searching and its evaluation    , a typology of search topics needs to be developed. The first factor    , subject culture    , had two values: American and Chinese. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams    , too. We propose three aspects context coherence    , selection clarity and reference relevance for measuring context quality    , detecting noisy selections    , and computing the relevance of a reference concept    , respectively. Another method of training topic models    , variational EM 
From topics to virtual shelves
 Tables 1    , 2 and 3 list topics selected from models generated for three books. For the QALD experiments described later    , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 
SPARQL Generation: This component creates 
the final SPARQL query using information provided by above two steps. System design
 Our Interactive Tracking system uses the vector-space approach where each document is represented by a vector of term weights V . In the following    , two approaches    , namely JAD and Agile modeling    , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. A text document can be viewed as a set of terms with probabilities estimated by frequencies of occurrence. Using the semantic relevance values    , pictograms can be ranked from very relevant value close to 1 to not so relevant value close to 0. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. These properties make it an interesting case for our study. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. That is: 
LIBti    , d =    1 − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d − n i N 1 − ln n i N ti ∈ d 14 
where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. However    , our spectral classifier may be more suitable for projects with heavily imbalanced  i.e. Based on this idea    , an optimization approach is developed to efficiently search for a weighting scheme. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method    , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. At a topic selection meeting    , the seven topics from each site that were felt to be best suited for the multilingual retrieval setting were then selected. HAIRCUT exhibited 79% recall at 1000 on the CLIR task    , and a high average precision relative to retrieval using human-translated queries. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets    , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. LIF    , on the other hand    , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Once the relevant pictograms are selected    , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. Most students have some experience in using the UML and object oriented programming through university courses and industrial internships. As in the Main Study    , participants n=57    , 19 participants in each condition were recruited via CrowdFlower. Thus to study the issue of user personalization we make use of our rating and review data see 
Features
Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 
TRAINING
Since we have defined a probability associated with the presence or absence of each relationship    , we can proceed by maximizing the likelihood of an observed relationship set R. In order to do so we randomly select a negative set Q = {rij|rij / ∈ R} such that |Q| = |R| and optimize the log likelihood lY  ,c|R    , Q = Learning then proceeds by optimizing lY  ,c|R    , Q over both Y and c which we achieve by gradient ascent. Related Work
There is a growing interest in the development of text applications using DBMS technology. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. According to extensive experiment results    , T is always significantly smaller than k. Besides    , dmax is usually much smaller than n    , e.g. However    , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 
Impact of the Number of the Clients on the Behavioral Cache. Furthermore    , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia    , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang    , Roland Meyer    , Thomas Wirtz    , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. Are ties effective for enhancing the performance of the ranking functions  ? are images from " difficult " topics more difficult to judge  ?. Dataset
As mentioned    , we collected massive conversation resources from various forums    , microblog websites    , and cQA platforms including Baidu Zhidao 6     , Douban forum 7     , Baidu Tieba 8     , Sina Weibo 9     , etc. , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g. , t b     , te    , where t b is a beginning time point and te is an ending time point    , and te > t b . Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input    , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. Our experiments after the evaluation show there is a value using semantic information in detecting similarity and dissimilarity. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. RQ3: Is there evidence of linguistic bias based on the race of the person described  ? These training instances are represented in terms of their transformed feature vectors in the kernel space. CONCLUSIONS
 In this paper    , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 As discussed above    , the standard design used in systembased IR evaluations is the repeated-measures design. Under the structure preservation criterion    , it is reasonable to minimize Eq.3    , since it will incur a heavy penalty if two similar examples are mapped far away. The topics are categorised into a number of different categories    , including: easy/hard topic " difficulty "     , semantic/visual topic " visuality "     , and geographic/general 
Procedure
The study was implemented online    , and was distributed to staff and students at the University of Sheffield    , UK as well as via social media. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Here    , we propose a semantic relevance measure which outputs relevancy values of each pictogram when a pictogram interpretation is given. These biases manifest through two characteristics of the language used to describe someone: the specificity of the description    , and the use of words that reveal sentiment toward the target individual. To obtain the ontology    , we explored the semantic distributions in the domain of personal photos by mining frequent tags from active users in Flickr. The average reference accuracy is the average over all the references. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. Despite the reasonable average percentual increase    , most of the differences are not significant. LI Frequency LIF Model
In the LI Frequency LIF model    , we use term frequencies to model least information. Using MCMC    , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. S final = 1 |Q S | + 1  Q i ∈Q S S Q i  + S  1 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Here we provide information about the datasets used in this study    , how to perform feature normalization    , and the evaluation technique. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported by 863 Program 2014AA015104    , and National Natural Science Foundation of China 61273034    , and 61332016. One simple approach    , common in game-theory    , due to Nash 
Privacy as a Tax Problem
Our goal is to formulate a mechanism that " aggregates " all the individuals preferences into single representative group preference    , which builds upon how each user values the different data exposure preferences. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting    , w = 5    , and w = 6. In addition    , once elaborate and precise ontologies have been created they often lack users to maintain them over time. In this paper 1 we present a coordination middleware for the Semantic Web and demonstrate its relevance to these vital issues for Semantic Web applications. Experimental Design
We evaluated the recommendations made by the CiteSight system by looking at how well it would have performed for existing papers where the set of citations is already known. Experimental Design
Scenario. Likelihood Function
To compute the signal parameter vector w    , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2    , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. As shown in 
CONCLUSIONS
 This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. On each axis    , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred    , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. , w k p  is given by w k = K −1/2 e k S . This transcription was designated " B2 " in the official NIST TREC-8 SDR documentation and " B1 " in the corresponding TREC-9 SDR documentation. Our second model RBM takes a step further and exploit the correlations among individual passages in a Restricted Boltzmann Machine framework. We can do model selection and combination—technical details are in Appendix C. This can be performed using only data gathered online and time complexity is independent of the stream size. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions    , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. If the predicate belongs to the profile    , the frequency of this predicate is incremented by one and the timestamp associated to this entry is updated. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. These test collections are meant to be portable    , reusable    , statistically powerful    , and open to anyone that wishes to work on the problem of retrieval over sessions.  F 1 -measure: the weighted harmonic mean of precision and recall. 9 
 By selecting the mean squared error MSE as loss    , the loss function can be expressed as: 
min B  ,Θ ||B fWX − Y|| 2 + λ1 2 K k=1 ||β k − θ parentk || 2 + λ2 2 ||Θ|| 2 . Even though NLP components are still being improved by emerging techniques like deep learning    , the quality of existing components is sufficient to work on the semantic level – one level of abstraction up from surface text. We have fit our model to the goals of WORLDCUP. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Our results from these models show that a fully balanced design— accounting for both request variability and host variability—is optimal in minimizing the benchmark's standard error given a fixed number of requests and machines. In our study    , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. Experimental design and conditions
The results of the study raises methodological questions with regard to the specification of the interactive task and the topics. After that    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. A version of the corpus is annotated with various linguistic information such as part-of-speech    , morphology    , UMLS semantic classes. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths    , however    , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. , yN  ∈ R K×N 
1 
where W and B need to be optimized in the subsequent transfer deep learning procedures. Semantic Relevance Measure
 We identified ambiguities in pictogram interpretation and possible issues involved in the usage of such pictograms in communication. We use 0.5 cutoff value for the evaluation and prototype implementation described next. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital    , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. This can be perceived from results already. Implicit User Social Relationships
As mentioned in Section 1    , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information    , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems    , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw    , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring    , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. Evaluation Datasets
We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Finally    , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax    , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. After obtaining these entropies for all users for these two activities    , we compute the Pearson product-moment correlation between the geometric average of the country-level entropy and its corresponding Pace of Life rank. Procedures and Experimental Design
The study was conducted in the Human-Computer Interaction Lab at the University of Maryland at College Park UMD. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. We developed a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model to measure user interest. The idea behind the method is relatively simple    , but the effective use of it is not. We generated four query sets    , although space aliens in black helicopters managed to prevent two of them from appearing in the official query track collection. We are interested in answering the question about the space requirements    , search time and search quality trade-offs for different LSH methods. Now hundreds of cases exist in Nokia where different artifacts and documents have been authored using RaPiD7 method. Pairs chosen should have the following properties:  Spread of sites: If a certain population of sites are of interest    , a representative spread of sites should be included in the evaluation.   , museums    , landmarks    , and galleries. Our research builds on summarization systems by identifying core concepts that are central ideas in a scientific domain. Note that every variable introduced in this way is initialized . In our experiments    , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. Moreover    , our created lexicon outperforms the competitive counterpart on emotion classification task. The larger the LIB    , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures    , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems    , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. Third    , as we move from a university to a national level    , our data warehousing solution may not scale when different annotation    , experimental and clinical data is gathered at multiple institutions. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. If the structure exceeds w entries    , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. Specifically    , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Studies may range from experimental evaluations testing particular system features to large-scale surveys on users and usage patterns. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect    , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. We present a selection-centric context language model and a selection-centric context semantic model for modeling and understanding context. Professionals
 In total 48 professionals from 18 companies in 10 countries participated in the experiment by completing the online questionnaire 
Preparation
 Prior to the experiment we conducted a pilot run to evaluate the experimental design and the experiment materials. Participants were free to experiment with different topic fields using either the title    , description or narrative – or all three    , and with both automatic and manual runs    , similar to the definitions of the TREC adhoc task. While English was also the most popular choice for TREC-7    , the percentage of runs that used non-English topics was substantially higher 7 out of 17. This reconfirms previous observations that modeling dependencies via the use of proximity features within the MRF has more of an impact on larger    , noisier collections than smaller    , well-behaved ones. INTRODUCTION
Despite the prevalence of context-independent word-based approaches for cross-language information retrieval CLIR derived from the IBM translation models 
BACKGROUND AND RELATED WORK
Although word-by-word translation provides the starting point for query translation approaches to CLIR    , there has been much work on using term co-occurrence statistics to select the most appropriate translations 
Context-Independent Baseline
As a baseline    , we consider the technique presented by Darwish and Oard 
Scored|s = j Weighttfsj     , d    , dfsj 1 tfsj    , d = t i tfti    , dP r token ti|sj  2  dfsj = t i dftiP r token ti|sj  3  
 In order to reduce noise from incorrect alignments    , we impose a lower bound on the token translation probability    , and also a cumulative probability threshold    , so that translation alternatives of sj are added in decreasing order of probability  until the cumulative probability has reached the threshold . 2 
Comparison between Our Method and the Traditional Materialized View Method
Our fast detection method for empty-result queries uses some data structure similar to materialized views − each atomic query part stored in the collection C aqp can be regarded as a " mini " materialized view. CLIR-Track Task Description
Similarly to last year    , CLIR track participants were asked to retrieve documents from a multilingual pool containing documents in four different languages. For example    , consider the following two queries: In general    , the design philosophy of our method is to achieve a reasonable balance between efficiency and detection capability. This method only requires function evaluations    , not derivatives. The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Our hope is that this paper provides a simple and actionable understanding of the procedures involved in benchmarking for performance changes in other contexts as well. , Colon classification and the scope and variety of content on the WWW has naturally sparked interest in faceted organizational schemes for large websites 
Interaction Styles 
Shneiderman & Plaisant 
Our efforts have aimed to extend the dynamic query paradigm to a design framework that incorporates different easy to control views of collections    , primary objects    , and events with agile control mechanisms such as mouse brushing. From a correlation perspective    , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 
 1 Computing the Laplacian matrix from the weighted adjacency matrix    , where the Laplacian matrix is a widely used matrix representation of a graph in graph theory; 
 2 Performing an eigendecomposition on the Laplacian ma- trix; 
3 Selecting a threshold on the second smallest eigenvector to obtain the bipartitions of the graph. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. Ridge    , lasso    , or elastic net regularization has been used in previous methods.   , precision and purity. the two baselines    , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Finally    , we select the state with the largest expected number of steps in word items as the next item g |G|+1 in BCDRW ranking: 
g |G|+1 = argmax n i=|G|+1 vi 25 
 Note that    , in each iteration we need to compute the fundamental matrix 20    , which is expensive. However    , these positive opportunities have a sinister counterpart: large-scale " crowdturfing    , " wherein masses of cheaply paid shills can be organized to spread malicious URLs in social media    , form artificial grassroots campaigns  " astroturf "     , and manipulate search engines. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. These include a Venn diagram tool for formulating Boolean queries graphically    , and a bibliographic visualization tool that plots matching citations on an x-y grid based on publication year and ranked relevance score to the query terms 
Requirements
From these and other considerations arose the following requirements for an improved design. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants    , both methods performed equally well. She also chooses a city DuTH B vs A +24  ,58% +23  ,14% +41  ,19% and rates its consisting POIs using the same criteria. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. Fitting the Fashion Epoch Segmentation Λ
 Given the model parameters Θ    , this step finds the optimal segmentation of the timeline to optimize the objective in Eq. Second    , we believe that the ranking orders generated by the base ranking function is substantially more reliable than the numerical values of the ranking scores. To add more credit to the friends who share common ratings with the target peer    , we use an Copyright is held by the author/owners. We use a between-groups design with participants randomly assigned to one of three experimental conditions:  Group Gexp high : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be e↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. The measurements were taken at five levels of minimum confidence    , and they are shown in 
We consider the results to be a positive indication that the predictive model is not over fitting the training data. In the WSDM Evaluation setup    , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. Hence    , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. What is the quality of the mappings  ? Given a human-issued message as the query    , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. In the within-project setting i.e. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. It is believed that there is no further sophistication to this representation    , but within the confines of the investigation    , it was not possible to determine this for certain~. Section 2 analyzes and summarizes the limitations of the LUBM and presents the UOBM    , including ontology design    , instance generation    , query and answer construction. In the digital age    , the value of images depends on how easily they can be located    , searched for relevance    , and retrieved. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org. The majority of the research and development effort up to the present has been concentrated on the design and implementation of an experimental testbed system for the data acquisition component. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989    , recall 0.798    , and F1 of 0.883    , for Pennsylvania. Resolution was set to 1024x768. In the second stage    , for the identification of the facet inclination of a given feed    , the IowaS group used sentiment classifiers and various heuristics for ranking posts according to each facet. Any distribution can be used to model p ˜ ∆ i |Θ; common examples used for response times include the exponential 
log p{∆ i }|{τ i }    , Θ = N i=1 log q∆ i |τ i     , Θ 3 
 Using the form of q∆ i |τ i     , Θ and the transformation using˜∆ing˜ ing˜∆ i defined by Equations 1 and 2 respectively    , the loglikelihood is equal to 
N i=1 log p ˜ ∆ i |Θ + N i=1 log aτ i + ∆ i  4 
 where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }    , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. IMRank: iterative framework
IMRank aims to find a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking. We are currently investigating techniques to identify these effectively tagged blog posts and hope to incorporate it into future versions of TagAssist. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2. We use this value to predict user's interest in a page which he has not yet visited but which other users have. We bring query-likelihood LM approaches and relevance models to a common ground    , and show that both lead to the same scoring function    , although the theoretical motivation behind them is different. Query Likelihood
 In case of the query likelihood also referred as standard LM approach     , documents are ranked according to the likelihood of them being relevant given the query P D|Q. Goals 
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory JHU/APL is a second-time entrant in the TREC Category A evaluation. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. We h a ve performed Figure 2: Folding in a query conisting of the terms aid"    , food"    , medical"    , people"    , UN"    , and war": evolution of posterior probabilities and the mixing proportions P zjq rightmost column in each bar plot for the four factors depicted in 
Folding-In Queries
 Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. Further more    , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. The use of the 
q W v W . The knowcenter group classified the topic-relevant blogs using a Support Vector Machine trained on a manually labelled subset of the TREC Blogs08 dataset. The experiment primarily explored how improved levels of inter-rater reliability can be achieved and was intended to generate a set of 'correctly' aligned documents a gold standard set for testing and improving lesson plan retrieval. Our official results for these five runs are shown in 
Cross Language Track 
English French German Italian 6-grams 1.0 2.5 8.5 1.0 Words 6.0 1.0 1.0 1.5 
The resulting combined runs were then merged using these weights: The similarity of these runs lead us to believe that tuning weights under this approach to merging is not a cost-effective use of one's time. Together with the self-learning knowledge base    , NRE makes a deep injection possible. Prec@ 
CONCLUSION
In the study    , we examine the CLIR approach that learns a statistical translation model from an automatically generated parallel corpus by an online translation system. Sensitivity to Structural Variation: 
We performed evaluation of sensitivity to structural variation of NQS over the OWL-S TC query dataset three versions and the QALD-4 dataset three versions. CLICK-THROUGH-BASED CROSS-VIEW LEARNING
The main goal of click-through-based cross-view learning is to construct a latent common subspace with the ability of directly comparing textual query and image content. These kinds of materials support in-depth knowledge of the field    , a creator    , or a genre; they also assist in developing theories regarding the relationships between creativity    , authorship and production. As a result    , the precision/recall values are much lower than the results of human evaluation. Introduction 
Over the last years    , the Marktoberdorf Summer School has been a place where people tried to uncover the mysteries of programming. Whereas LIF well supported recall    , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin    , particularly in terms of purity    , precision    , and rand index. This includes issues of persistent storage    , efficient reasoning    , data mediation    , scalability    , distribution of data    , fault tolerance and security. For example    , in 
Modeling Subtleties. Task Description
There are multiple subtasks in SemEval 2013 and 2014.   , models are built and applied on the same project    , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier    , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. Experimental Design
All experiments were conducted on a machine running Linux with a Intel Xeon x5650 CPU 2.67GHz and 48GB of RAM. 1 It is interesting to note that by ignoring the actual document content    , i.e. Creation of Relevant Pictogram 
Set. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This work was supported in part by 973 Program Grant No. We refer to this approach as naive combination. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2    , and from 0 to 1 respectively. In order to implement this principle    , we would first parse the abstract to identify complete facts: the right semantic terms plus the right relationship among them    , as specified in the query topic. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Drop-Out: we concatenate q0 with the whole context while leave-one-out each context sentence    , one at a time    , i.e. In our case the simole and regular form of data Q relahon makes the problem par&ularly attractive. Two documents are -indistinguishable to a search engine S with respect to a query q if the search engine finds both documents to be equally relevant to the query within the tolerance of its ranking function. Stemmers equate or conflate certain variant forms of the same word like paper    , papers and fold    , folds    , folded    , folding…. Varying the problem hardness
 In the experimental design    , we vary the number of nodes and dynamic clusters. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry    , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. Overview of CLIR
There are three main ways in which cross-language information retrieval approaches attempt to "cross the language barrier" – through query translation    , or document translation    , or both. She loads the OWL file in OntoPartS    , and proceeds to select two entities to be related    , as shown in 
Preliminary Experimental Assessment of OntoPartS
The main objectives of the experiments are to assess usability of the tool and to validate the hypothesis that the use of automated guidelines assists with representation of part-whole relations between classes during the ontology design phase such that it can be done more efficiently and with less errors. Twenty-one participants were recruited from the UMD community. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. We want to a avoid over-fitting and b present to the user those patterns that are important. Experimental Study
The goal of the experimental study is to evaluate the effectiveness of CyCLaDEs. |   | 1 ^       l y l l Test x R r L MAE l − = ∑ 9 
where Test L denotes the number of the test ratings. The method: RaPiD7
An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents    , 7 steps. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space    , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. We assume independence between lemmas . We contrast our prediction technique that leverages social cues and image content features with simpler methods that leverage color spaces    , intensity    , and simple contextual metrics. Typical tools include the Fast Fourier Transform FFT    , as well as the Discrete Wavelet Transform DWT 
Background material
In this section we give a very brief introduction to some necessary background material. The proposed measure takes into account the probability and similarity in a set of pictogram interpretation words    , and to enhance retrieval performance     , pictogram interpretations were categorized into five pictogram categories using the Concept Dictionary in EDR Electronic Dictionary. This metric is computed for the two main activities of posting updates tweets and mentioning others. Fusion of LIB & LIF
While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term    , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. CONCLUSIONS
 This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. Multi-Probe vs. Entropy-Based Methods
Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table    , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. This was not so clear about our application in the relevance part of semantic data – in the form of the lexicon of referential equivalents. Shannon adopted the same log measure when he established the average information-transmitting capacity of a discrete channel    , which he called the entropy    , by analogy with formulae in thermodynamics. Their power of reasoning depends on the expressivity of such representation: an ontology provided with complex TBox axioms can act as a valuable support for the representation and the evaluation of a deep knowledge about the domain it represents. It has been advocated that the relevance of an information object to the information need of a specific user is a subjective and multidimensional concept    , which encompasses various properties and characteristics of the sought information ob- jects 
EXPERIMENTAL METHODOLOGY
 In this section    , we report detailed settings of our experimental methodology. Introduction
Images are semantic instruments for capturing aspects of the real world    , and form a vital part of the scientific record for which words are no substitute. NQS was able to correctly fit 919 out of the 1083 OWLS-TC queries along with all their syntactic variation    , giving high VP of 96.43 %. Image Tagging
 A large body of work on image tagging proceeds along two dimensions     , i.e. The task is to estimate the relevance of the image and the query for each test query-image pair    , and then for each query    , we order the images based on the prediction scores returned by our trained ranking model. Also    , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Experimental Environment
We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 
Distribution of Co-reference in Linked Data
Some research implies that co-reference follows a power law distribution 
Experimental Settings
We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator    , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Research Framework
To organize our research    , we modified the model of 
Tag Suggestions 
 Prior work showed users create tags similar to those they have viewed 
Experimental design
To study our research questions    , we designed a survey in which subjects were shown a sequence of movies and asked to apply tags to each of the movies. In cooperation with BookCrossing     , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system    , asking them to participate in our online study. As discussed    , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. But these tools were not consistent in terms of software design    , implementation language or user interface. First    , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer    , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd    , thus    , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Thus we argue that the DICT model gives a reasonable baseline. INTRODUCTION
Advances in information retrieval have long been driven by evaluation campaigns using standardized collections of data-sets    , query workloads    , and most importantly    , result relevance judgments. Most combinations contained multiple topics    , with the exception of easy/semantic    , easy/medium visual    , and very difficult/medium visual. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 
RELATED WORK
 Prior research on two topics directly inform our study: 1 identification of core concepts in educational digital library resources    , and 2 automatic computation of semantic similarity between short text fragments. Because linguistic biases are mitigated by the communicative context    , we might expect collaborative biographies created in a more anonymous communication environment     , such as IMDb    , to suffer less from linguistic bias    , where the social identity of the biography's subject is the primary trigger for LIB and LEB. For example    , the mean number of nodes accessed in the top-down search of the complete link hierarchy for the INSPEC collection is 873 requiring only 20  ,952 bytes of core. Interestingly    , for the topic law and informatization/computerization 1719 we see that the Dutch translation of law is very closely related. To encourage diversity in those replicated particles    , we select a small number of documents 10 in our implementation from the recent 1000 documents    , and do a single MCMC sweep over them    , and then finally reset the weight of each particle to uniform. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5    , which can make parameter inference intractable. Thus    , D S is identified by its CCD and all the linking candidates D T for this dataset are found in its cluster    , following our working hypothesis. EXPERIMENTS
We evaluated our model using two classification tasks: Tweet semantic relatedness and Tweet sentiment classifica- tion. The physician is interested in the immediate finding of articles where relevance is defined by the semantic similarity to some kind of prototype abstract delivered by the specialist. Data augmentation    , in our context    , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms.   , ridge regularization method. Deep Learning with Bottom-Up Transfer
To ensure good generalization abilities in transfer learning    , a shared middle-level feature abstraction is first learned in an unsupervised pre-training and a supervised fine-tuning from both the source and target domains    , in which W is optimized. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features    , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Nginx is the reverse proxy with a cache set to 1 GB. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α. 
Dα = {γ1    , γ2} = {π1    , π2    , π3    , π4    , π5    , π6}    , 
with α > 0.2. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k     , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. EXPERIMENTS
We carried out experiments using the benchmark Learning to Rank LETOR OHSUMED data set 
Parameter choices
There are several design choices which are common to both the GP-Rank and FITC-Rank model    , including the number of prototypes per label value    , the type of kernel function     , how prototypes are initialised    , and how kernel hyperparameters are initialised. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. On the face of it    , one might not expect much of a difference; after all    , why would teachers use different criteria or weigh identical criteria differently depending on whether they are evaluating curricula they are searching for themselves or evaluating curricula recommended by others. This design method is by definition iterative. The basic LSH indexing method works as follows 
By concatenating multiple LSH functions    , the collision probability of far away objects becomes very small p M 2     , but it also reduces the collision probability of nearby objects p M 1 . It too introduces non-trivial complications with respect to how hosts interact with request-level effects and experimental design to affect the standard error of the benchmark. However    , this feature was quite noisy and sparse    , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. The application runs from the command line. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. Section 4 describes the results of experiments. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. For possible future research    , we plan to design a better text representation scheme by combining full text representation with feature selection techniques to avoid using only emotion terms. Entity Mapping: 
The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire    , query input and their relation. Component Scoring
Relevance scores for general interest    , specific interest    , and context are computed separately for each candidate suggestion. The initial research efforts on WSD for information retrieval were performed using manual sense annotation 
Cross-Lingual Retrieval
Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 
AN ILLUSTRATING EXAMPLE
To illustrate why translation is helpful in handling the word ambiguity and vocabulary mismatch problems    , consider the following TREC query Q335 " Adoptive Biological Parents "     , and focus on the ambiguous word " biological " . If the response structure e.g. Group G exp low : this experimental group receives highquality query suggestions in the training phase which were predicted to be ine↵ective in the user perceptions study Section 4.2. However    , this resulted in severe overfitting . Our hypothesis was that a cluster of documents that shared a tag should be more similar than a randomly selected set of documents. CONCLUSIONS
In this paper    , we propose to establish an automatic conversation system between humans and computers. To compare the two approaches in detail    , we are interested in answering two questions. While many other biomedical disease domains may be able to " borrow " essential elements and design principles from these standards    , each disease research initiative will ultimately have to develop such controlled vocabularies and data elements in order to facilitate data integration and reliable representation. , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. We vary the profile size to 5    , 10 and 30. We present experimental results on large-scale datasets using four different setups: 1. the INEX benchmark 
 Our experiments demonstrate both the system's efficiency and its expressiveness and search result quality. A. Moreover    , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings    , such as degree    , strength. Similar schemata could be derived using a method described by G. VEILLON 
Using this transition scheme    , we obtain from VVV 
proc mod = nat a    , nat b na__t _t : 
Fvar nat r := a    , var nat dd :
r  
 This is the usual program for division using binary number representation cf. The results are listed in 
To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method    , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q    , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. We wrap up with related work and conclusions. Here our new least information model departs from the classic measure of information as reduction of uncertainty entropy. When a new note is saved    , it is displayed in the notebook lower right in 
THE STUDY DESIGN
To assess the value of TaskSieve's task modeling features    , an experimental study was performed using a full-fledged version of TaskSieve i.e. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. , 'Deep CNN' features extracted from raw product images presented a good option due to their widely demonstrated efficacy at capturing abstract notions of fine-grained categories 
3 
 Then the parameter set is Θ = {α    , βu    , βi    , γu    , γi    , θu    , E}. A typical HIT might involve translating a paragraph of text    , labeling an image    , or completing a survey. Related Models
The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. One possible solution is that in the presence of set intersection    , Transformation T 1 does not drop projection operators. Model selection
 Many of the dependences may be statistically insignificant     , so the respective coefficients should be set to zero. EVALUATION
We trained a support vector machine classifier with an RBF kernel implemented in the WEKA machine learning workbench 
Metrics
We used four standard classification metrics to evaluate system performance. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions    , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. Tweet Representation
In order to obtain tweet representation    , we adopt the min    , max    , and average convolutional layers for compositionality learning in vector-based semantics    , similar to the work proposed by 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
 In order to evaluate our proposed approach    , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies    , as well. Since expertise in both ontology design and the relevant domain are required to populate and maintain ontologies    , semantic web projects have faced the dilemma of either hiring expensive " double experts " highly-skilled in both ontology design and the relevant domain or face inevitable data and user sparseness 
EXPERIMENTAL SETUP
The objective of our experiments is twofold. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. A supervised classifier based on random forest over variable length texts    , using word-clusters for input text representation. Besides    , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 
WMKLSH by Weighted Bit Allocation
 We first propose a Weighted Multi-Kernel Locality-Sensitive Hashing WMKLSH scheme by a supervised learning approach to determine the allocation of bit size    , where a kernel is assigned a larger size of bits if it better captures the similarity between data points. Our document scoring    , αD    , our region scoring βR    , and our field scoring γF  are discussed in depth in the following sections. Nonetheless    , our findings present a compelling case for recognizing the deeply social nature of learning and the importance of social media for inspiring learning around new topics through social connections. Note that F w is a sum of a finite number of strongly convex and smooth functions and Rw is a general convex function that is non-differentiable. Implementation Details
We have implemented the three different LSH methods as discussed in previous sections: basic    , entropy    , and multiprobe . The predictor pops the top structure off of the queue and tries to extend it using the substantiator. Discipline means 'a method of teaching'. Datasets: We focus on the Gov2 dataset that has 25 million documents and 150 queries 
x i −minx i  maxx i −minx i  
where minxi and maxxj are the minimum and maximum values respectively of xi for all documents in the same query. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing 
Experimental Observations
For each of the three question class formation methods described above    , Lymba ran a set of experiments on previous TREC test sets in order to determine which set of question classes performed the best. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB   , Wikipedia vs. IMDb. Semantic Relatedness
The first evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 1: Paraphrase and Semantic Similarity in Twitter 
Sentiment Classification
The second evaluation is based on the SemEval 2015-Task 10B: Twitter Message Polarity Classification 
CONCLUSION AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we presented Tweet2Vec    , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets    , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . In this section we describe our tracking system and the experimental data set. The hierarchy nodes may be accessed more than once    , so they must be stored in separate locations. For evaluation purposes    , we selected a random set of 70 D-Lib papers. The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. σ· = 1 1+e −· is a known as a sigmoid/logistic function. University of Maryland tried to circumvent the problem by using an unified index in some of their runs    , but the other groups working on the main task all had to rely on merging of some sort to combine their individual    , bilingual cross-language runs. Hence    , in certain cases    , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. Thus we need only to compute 6 twice per MCMC iteration . One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. We experiment the extension in different setups    , results show that CyCLaDEs reduces significantly the load on LDF server. We also tried several other    , more complex models    , without achieving significantly better model fitting. This basic unit of objective information    , the bit    , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Similar results hold when using the fraction of sentences with positive/negative sentiment    , thresholded versions of those features    , other sentiment models and lexicons LIWC as well as emoticon detectors. gjeu denotes the jth feature for the uth entity and ruv denotes the relevance judgment for the pair eu    , dv. Study overview
We used the same setup and experimental design as in the Main Study and varied only the ratio between training and test topics: in this study we used two topics for training    , and the remaining four topics for testing. PARC had developed a number of experimental software development tools and office tools based on the Alto personal computer 
The experimental office tools were the result of several research projects that had produced extensive userinterface design knowledge. Introduction 
The rise of social media has provided us a variety of means to offer cognitive surplus in the creation and sharing of knowledge that can benefit everyone 
Quality and Bias in Collaborative Biographies 
 It is not surprising that the quality of collaboratively produced biographies of famous people has been the focus of previous research. In this way    , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees    , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax    , with links connecting some leaves with some roots    , in a graph-like manner. Furthermore    , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners    , and may include tools to promote learning. These synonyms are obtained from WordNet 
CrossEntp    , q = − px logqx 9 
where p is the true distribution one-hot vector representing characters in the tweet and q is the output of the softmax. Finally    , to predict ratings for a test user    , the computed weights are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as described in Section 3. This would require extending the described techniques    , and creating new QA benchmarks. Score Distribution Learning
Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. In the results    , unless otherwise specified    , the default values are W = 0.7    , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0    , M = 11 for the audio dataset. To avoid underflow and multiplication by zero    , we employ log-likelihood instead of likelihood: 
LogLikelihoodeScw|D f w  = w∈Scw ln P w|D f w  
 To reward similar words in at least one model of sentence likelihood as before    , we use a second    , more relaxed model of the loglikelihood of D generating S as a high-coreness sentence as follows: 
LogLikelihoodrScw|D f w  = w 1 ∈Scw ln max w 2 ∈D f w relw1    , w2 · P w2|D f w  
This second model introduces the lexical relw1    , w2 function into the formula in order to value words that are not present in the domain standards but are similar or related to words that are present. We achieved convergence around 300 trees    , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting    , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. We have presented experimental results showing that HearSay can be used for " hands-free " audio browsing    , although improvements in speed and accuracy are needed. Also    , as discussed in 
Experimental method
There were two goals for the experiments. The profile characterizes the content of the cache of LDF client at a given moment. Its design has been influenced by our earlier work on the XXL language for XML IR 
The SphereSearch Engine is fully implemented in Java using Oracle10g as an underlying data manager . This model is then converted into a vector representation as mentioned above. On the news recommendation front    , we report the results of a study involving 176 users; our tree-based classifier required few training examples and significantly outperformed a state-of-the-art classifier the support vector machine in terms of both speed and accuracy applied to either traditional or tree-structured features. Intuitively    , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria    , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . The training of CCL is performed simultaneously by minimizing the distance between query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks    , and preserving the structure relationships between the training examples in the original feature space. The constant Zn is chosen so that the perfect ranking gives an NDCG value of 1. , in 
RETRIEVAL MODEL
In this section we derive our ranking mechanism. Our experimental results in both scenarios on four datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches. To accomplish this    , we extract various features from a user's geotagged photos posted online. As a result    , 
shows the result of the experiment after the second step of the breadth-first search. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Applying 
the semantic relevance calculation to categorized interpretations will return five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4    , that is to say    , Q r and Q2    , respectively. Identification of Core Concepts
Studies on the identification of core concepts in digital resources have been carried out in different experimental setups    , involving varying degrees of human intervention. Programming on the way from the dilettantism of a home-made 'trickology' 4 to a scientific discipline: this has been the general theme of many of the lectures by Dijkstra    , Hoare    , Dahl    , Perlis    , Brinch Hansen    , Randell    , Wirth    , Ershov    , Griffiths    , Gries and others 2. KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels    , evaluate their mAP values on the training set    , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function    , 
Lω    , α= M u=1 N v=1 log Nz z=1  1 Ze u exp j=1 αzjgjeu δruv K i=1 ωzifieu    , dv 
7 
where M is the number of the entities and N is the number of the documents in training set. In this paper we developed a statistical model to understand and quantify these effects    , and explored their practical impact on benchmarking . It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. The high efficiency ensures an immediate response    , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications    , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. However    , even if two different users both install the same app    , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. Result Ranking. For TREC-6    , the CLIR track topics were developed centrally at NIST 
 English: NIST    , Gaithersburg    , MD    , USA Ellen Voorhees  French: University of Zurich    , Switzerland Michael Hess  German: IZ Sozialwissenschaften    , Germany Jürgen Krause    , Michael Kluck  Italian: IEI-CNR    , Pisa    , Italy Carol Peters At each site    , an initial 10 topics were formulated. Participants were recruited through advertisements in the staff and student mailing lists of Alfred Hospital    , and Melbourne University. Each metric captures a unique aspect of the classifier's performance. In this section    , we generalize the random effects model for multiple batches to include experimental comparisons     , and derive expressions for how the standard error of experimental comparisons i.e. For the entropybased LSH method    , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. To this end    , a qualitative and two preliminary quantitate evaluations have been carried out. To remain focused    , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Therefore     , much prior work has focused on constructing models that emphasize such domain-specific keywords for the vertical selection task 
3. For some scenarios    , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: 
P Ct|· = sof tmaxTt    , ht−1 
8 
where Ct refers to the character at time-step t    , Tt represents the one-hot vector of the character at time-step t. The result from the softmax is a decoded tweet matrix T dec     , which is eventually compared with the actual tweet or a synonymreplaced version of the tweet explained in Section 3 for learning the parameters of the model. Given HAIRCUT's average precision of 31.5% on the TREC-8 ad hoc task    , it seems unlikely that the drop in English performance is due to some sort of overtraining on the TREC-7 data. 4. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. ,Q~    ,  ~_ KoQ ~ Zfl2t ~-Kad 2 
where K = t o t a l number of stems recognised and a denotes the standard deviation    , We also have 
E  ,Q  ,d    , " K covariance Q    , d 
Hence    , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words    , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 
Evaluation Benchmarks
For each dataset    , we created an evaluation benchmark by randomly picking 100 objects as the query objects    , and for each query object    , the ground truth i.e. The experimental design of the track was similar to that of the previous three years 
For the 2014 track    , sessions were obtained from workers on Amazon's Mechanical Turk. The general scheme for this transformation for procedures without parameters and results ig see DIJKSTRA 
$ 
The iterative normal form thus consists of three parts: initialization    , repetition    , result indication. 2 summarizes related works. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos    , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. We observe that even when there is no change in the entropy    , there is still an amount of information responsible for any variance in the probability distribution. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. We also implemented a prototype web-based pictogram retrieval system 
Comparison of Four Approaches. The resulting tokens are then normalised via case folding. However    , a personalized random walk is a centrality rank- ing 
the Input
BCDRW requires three inputs: a normalized adjacency matrix W    , a normalized probability distribution d that encodes the prior ranking    , and a dumpling factor λ that balances the two. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. TEXT REPRESENTATION FOR TEXT CATEGORIZATION SUBTASKS
The track provided the full text of the journal articles in both SGML and XML form. In the initial time-step    , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. In Sect. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. The fitting is quite convincing for most of the goals see 
Conclusions 
Twitter provide a powerful medium through which users can communicate their observations not only with their friends    , but also with the world at large. We maintained a vocabulary of 177  ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. Section 2 describes related work. We formulate    , test    , and provide experimental data in support of three driving hypotheses: This section summarizes the design and execution of our experiment    , the data we collected    , its interpretation    , and our results    , which include novel findings regarding these metrics. Therefore    , the probability that emotion e k will be assigned to the i th comment can be estimated as below    , 
P e k |ci    , ui = expα k + N E l=1 β lk c il + N E l=1 γ lk u il  N E r=1 expαr + N E l=1 β lr c il + N E l=1 γ lr u il  
where α    , β and γ denote the combination parameters for bias    , the source of comments content and the source of emotion tags of news articles respectively. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting    , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. For tagging with batch-mode    , it took three seconds for a photo collection of 200 photos 800*600 pixels . Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding.   , Quasi-Newton optimization method in this paper. In this example    , P-DBSCAN forms better clusters since it takes local density into account. Coordinate Ascent Fitting Procedure
We adopt an iterative optimization procedure which alternates between a fitting the model parameters Θ given the segmented timeline Λ    , and b segmenting the timeline Λ given the current estimate of the model parameters Θ. Finally    , to predict the ratings for the test user    , we will simply add the weights to the standard memory-based approach. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. For all models we found that 100 steps of gradient descent was enough to reach convergence. HR0011-12-C-0015; NSF under awards IIS- 0916043 and IIS-1144034. To the best of our knowledge    , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . Which resource for training the semantic space  ? That partial structure is added as the first entry to the queue of partial structures.   , n    , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations    , starting from any initial ranking. In order to ensure that some of the candidates are better than the production ranker    , the relevant documents have a higher chance to be promoted to top than the irrelevant ones. In some conditions    , subjects were shown a set of suggested tags for each movie the common practice in online tagging communities    , while in a control condition    , no suggested tags were presented. Cosine Similarity
Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces    , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. Cultural Focus: To quantify the extent to which a party i reveals a cultural focus F on few selected hashtags or users facts    , the normalized Shannon entropy 
F σ i  = 1 − − n j=1 pa j  * log 2 p  a j  log 2 n 1 
Here    , pa j  corresponds to the frequency of a cultural fact a j for party i divided by the frequency of all other facts of that party. Since SGML provides a document exchange model rather than a general purpose data model 
Basic SGML Constructs
 Standard Generalized Mark-up Language SGML is an international stan- dard 
line 15 indicates that the corresponding elements actor line 7 and place line 14 have no content    , when these attributes have values. A final study investigated to what extent the number of training topics hypothesis H3 influences a user's ability to formulate good queries. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. We investigate the relative importance of individual features    , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image    , another where each user has several thousand images    , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. The interaction design included 30 complex questions; for each    , participants could submit a URL to an interactive system. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi    , P C2|qi    , · · ·     , P Cn|qi⟩    , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. However    , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. If we randomly pick a document from the collection    , the chance that a term ti appears in the document can be estimated by the ratio between the number of documents containing the term ni i.e. PREDICTING REFERENCE QUALITY
 We model reference quality from three aspects: the coherence of the context    , the clarity of the selection    , and the relevance of the reference with respect to the selection and the context. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. Our model first determines the score of a candidate reply given the reformulated query    , based on the candidate reply and its associated posting Subsection 5.1.   , QDrop-Out = {q0    , q0 
DEEP LEARNING TO RESPOND
 In this section    , we describe the deep model for query-reply ranking and merging. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. This type of dependence covers phrases    , term proximity    , and term co-occurrence 
SIGIR 2007 Proceedings Session 13: Formal Models 
after query expansion. We then refine this and predict which pinboard is used    , if the category chosen by the user is known. Instead    , we use these topics as well as vocabulary from related LIWC categories Linguistic Inquiry and Word Count; Tausczik and Pennebaker 2010 as inspiration to define concise lexicons for five different narratives identified through topic modeling Money    , Job    , Student    , Family    , Craving. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. For simplicity    , we define LST M xt    , ht−1 to denote the LSTM operation on input x at time-step t and the previous hidden state ht−1. 10 
Optimization for Top-Down Transfer
 To efficiently solve the above loss function    , we propose to transform the Θ ∈ R M ×D matrix into the same dimension as B. From a system's perspective it could be argued that the TREC interactive task of finding as many different instances on a topic as possible in twenty minutes is basically a recall task. Specifically    , participants described the increasing need for knowledge about experimental design    , statistical reasoning    , and data collection. with the task model as the experimental system. We have followed the method described in 
Conclusions and Future Work
We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition    , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. Our monolingual results for the four languages    , using the human-translated queries provided by NIST    , were significantly below those seen on the TREC-7 CLIR task: The reasons for this drop in performance are unclear. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L    , built in the usual fashion     , i.e. If this assertion is true    , than one can use a much less dense matrix instead of the full X to achieve the same goal    , and significantly reduce the mapping time because the computation in d x X is proportional to the number of non-zero elements in matrix X and vector d 
Conclusions
 To conclude the study in this paper    , noise and redundancy reduction is proposed and evaluated in the LLSF approach to documentto-categones mapping    , at the levels of words    , word combinations    , and word-category associations. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query    , pd|q. propose a simpler yet more effective solution for image embedding 
ZERO-SHOT IMAGE TAGGING
Problem Statement
 Given an unlabeled image    , the goal of zero-shot image tagging is to automatically tag the image with labels that have no training examples available. Similarly    , for each observed rating rij     , we have the following stochastic gradient descent updating rules to learn the latent parameters: 
ui ← ui + γ1 ∆ijvj − α f ∈F + i s if ui − u f  −α g∈F − i sigui − ug − λ1ui     , vj ← vj + γ2∆ijui − λ2vj    , 
4 where ∆ij = rij − u T i vj     , 
5 
and F − i represents user i's inlink friends. Arguably    , this serves as a reasonable ground truth as references from these papers were deemed relevant to the paper by the expert authors who chose to cite them.   , cosine similarity and Pearson correlation.   , model-based and model-free approaches 
Transfer Deep Learning
Deep learning began emerging as a new area of machine learning research in 2006 
ONTOLOGY FOR PERSONAL PHOTOS
We propose to design an ontology for personal photos    , since the vocabulary of general Web images is often too large and not specific to personal photos. Experiment Design: This study used a within-subject design. Additionally    , there is the WebSeer retrieval system by 
Experimental design 
In order to evaluate the effectiveness of an IR system based on tbe Dunlop model    , a test collection was created. Modeling Visual Evolution
 The above model is good at capturing/uncovering visual dimensions as well as the extent to which users are attracted to each of them. Therefore    , we begin with an overview of Semin and Fiedler's Linguistic Category Model LCM 
Linguistic Category Model 
 Both the LEB and the LIB build upon the Linguistic Category Model. The objectives of our experiments are to 1 evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed deep learning-to-respond schema    , and 2 evaluate contextual reformulation strategies and components of multidimension of ranking evidences for the conversational task. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is    , however    , significant. Here    , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method    , a widely used learning method for large-scale data    , to learn parameters. On Restaurants    , for example    , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. Encoder
Given a tweet in the matrix form T size: 150 × 70    , the CNN Section 2.1 extracts the features from the character representation. To compare data    , using the concept of provenance from 
We are currently working on annotating the experimental data using concepts from ProPreO and GlycO 
RELATED WORK
There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. RELATED WORK
In this section    , we briefly review research related to our approach in two categories. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized    , 2 categorized    , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared    , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. TREC Text REtrieval Conference 
EVALUATING OBJECT RETRIEVAL
 The broad class of search technologies that exploit semantic data encodings are often called semantic search systems 
Ad-Hoc Object Retrieval
Arriving at a common evaluation methodology requires the definition of a shared task that is accepted by the community as the one that is most relevant to potential applications of the field. The first experiment investigates the precision and recall of our approach on dataset 1. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. Because the communicative context appears to mitigate the occurance of bias especially in the case of LIB Its time complexity mainly depends on l. We denote dmax to the largest number of paths end in an arbitrary node with length no more than l. The time required for scanning each node is Odmax log dmax    , including the time used for searching candidate nodes    , sorting candidate nodes by their ranks    , and allocating influence. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in 
Combinations 
Cross-Site Scripting
As with SQL injection    , cross-site scripting 
Cross-Site Scripting Detection
Indications of cross-site scripting are detected during the reverse engineering phase    , when a crawler performs a complete scan of every page within a Web application. The resulting uneven link creation results in a very uneven link distribution    , with some nodes hugely connected    , and other nodes completely isolated 
EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
Our experiment compares the reformulation of queries that users perform in keyword searching    , to the query reformulation implicit in browsing between documents linked by similarity of content. Since log L is a strictly increasing function    , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 
1–3
. Since all the successful patches pass the provided test cases    , it is challenging to select more or less acceptable patches systematically. Six different images were shown to the participant for each topic    , the images varied for each combination of size and relevance    , for that topic. Introduction
Following Linked Data principles    , data providers made billions of triples available on the web 
– We present CyCLaDEs an approach to build a behavioral decentralized cache on client-side. Structure Preservation
Structure preservation or manifold regularization has been shown effective for semi-supervised learning 
n i  ,j=1 S q ij q i W q − q j W q 2 + n i  ,j=1 S v ij v i W v − v j W v 2     , 
3 
 where S q ∈ R n×n and S v ∈ R n×n denote the affinity matrices defined on the queries and images    , respectively. A guiding principle for us was that relevance of a topic should not be just based on individual terms or keywords    , such as genes or diseases    , but rather it should take into account the subject of the whole document. Document Scoring
We want our event scoring function to take into account the page's likelihood of discussing an event    , therefore we include a document-level score αD. Similar observation is found in the study of meta search whose goal is to combine the retrieval results of multiple search engines to create a better ranking list 
 To address the above problems    , we encode the order information generated by the base ranking function G with matrix W ∈ 
1 
In the above    , Wi  ,j is defined by a softmax function and the parameter λ ≥ 0 represents the confidence of the base ranking function. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 
An Attempt to Evaluate via a User Study
Runs and Results
We submitted two runs to the TREC 2013 Contextual Suggestion Track. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. Experimental Setup
We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Interface Design
The interface we created to collect preference judgements had the following design. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function    , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. Given the limitation of automatic translation systems    , our plan is to include bilingual dictionaries to improve the quality of the automatically generated parallel corpus. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future    , denoted by T rustID. This model enables the analytical development of experimental designs with different engineering and efficiency tradeoffs. They were free to choose the topic language    , and then had to find relevant documents in the pool regardless of the languages in which the texts were formulated. Therefore    , the running time of IMRank is affordable. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets    , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. LSH INDEXING
The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 
We find that domain experts can agree on concept coreness ratings    , and that intermediate-level annotated features can be used to computationally predict these coreness ratings. The last LSTM decoder generates each character    , C    , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128    , ht−1    , for the next time-step prediction. Multi-view Embedding
The research in this direction has proceeded along three dimensions: co-training 
Search by Using Click Data
 Click-through data has been studied and analyzed widely with different Web mining techniques for improving the efficacy and usability of search engines. Methods with the LIB quantity    , especially LIB    , LIB+LIF    , and LIB*LIF    , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy    , e.g. The subjects of the pilot experiment did not participate in the actual experiment. Our approach requires each owner i to associate a value vig to preference g proportional to how important this preference is for him.   , learning to rank for Microblog retrieval and answer reranking for Question Answering. , F1 score < 1. Specifically    , we use Clickture as " labeled " data for semantic queries and train the ranking model. The second author is grateful to Esther and Kiri for their loving support and dedicates this work to Joshua and Jacob. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. F itness2 = RI * 10 − W I * 2 
EXPERIMENTS
In this section    , we present the results of the experiments we have performed to evaluate our proposed GP-based approach to deduplication. It was almost as if the default language of the interface was subconsciously suggesting to the user how they should undertake their information retrieval activities. This is appropriate for drawing conclusions about differences between systems    , but it does not tell us anything about reusability . Language 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
In this paper    , we extended an MT-based context-sensitive CLIR approach 
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
 This research was supported in part by the BOLT program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency    , Contract No. This is desirable for those applications where users care more about hot spots in the data set. Typically    , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7    , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. For the same number of iterations 1000    , such a model would take almost six years to train. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large    , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The method is based on: i a semantic relevance function acting as a kernel to discover the semantic affinities of heterogeneous information items    , and ii an asymmetric vector projection model on which semantic dependency graphs among information items are built and representative elements of these graphs can be selected. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function    , and thus within this toleration factor    , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. Factor Representation: An Example
In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. This paper focuses on comparing the basic    , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. Experiments
In this section we describe our experimental design for the collection of preference judgements. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH    , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. In a benchmarking experiment    , we identify δ by specifying a schedule of delivery of requests to hosts    , along with hosts' assignments to conditions. Research in 978-1-4799-5569-5/14/$31.00 c 2014 IEEE. To this end    , we only return tags that have an aggregate score greater than the mean score for all the tag candidates. Introduction
Recent research on multi-language digital libraries has focused on cross-language information retrieval CLIR—retrieving documents written in one language through a query in a different language 
The Niupepa Digital Library Collection
The Niupepa DL www.nzdl.org/niupepa makes available a collection of historic Māori newspapers published between 1842 and 1933 
Data Collection and Definition
The default language is defined as the language that the interface to the Niupepa DL web site is displayed in when the home page www.nzdl.org/niupepa is requested. In addition to implementation simplicity    , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Retrospectively    , this choice now bears fruit    , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. If entries of the Y matrix are unavailable    , under a missing completely at random MCAR assumption we can sample them in each iteration of the MCMC procedure using Equation 1    , and then use the equation above at prediction time. Thus    , our solution successfully combines together two traditionally important aspects of IR: unsupervised learning of text representations word embeddings from neural language model and learning on weakly supervised data. With a more quantitatively informed approach    , practitioners can select the most suitable experimental design to minimize the benchmark's run time for any desired level of accuracy. A Simple Display Application
The first example 
Reference Linking the D-Lib Magazine
The second example gathers and stores reference linking information for future use. By learning the embedding E from the data    , we are uncovering K visual dimensions that are the most predictive of users' opinions. The MG system only recognizes place names if the probability given by the Random Forest classifier for the class " match " is higher than a minimum threshold the minimum confidence level. The accurate celebrity subgraph has a total of 835    , 117    , 954    , or about 835 million    , directed edges in it which is actually a non-negligible fraction of edges in Twitter's social graph. The first is TDT 
Experimental Design
Three sets of experiments are performed in our study. There are now over two dozen of these collections    , and they have been distributed widely by the United Nations and other non government agencies 
Weaknesses
Many experimental interfaces have been built for Greenstone    , some of which make use of a CORBA-based protocol to support distributed client-server in-teraction. We conjecture that the larger amount least information is needed to explain a term's probability in a document vs. in the collection    , the more heavily the term should be weighted to represent the document 
LI Binary LIB Model
 In the binary model    , a term either occurs or does not occur in a document. Based on this    , we analyze how users differed in their formulation of specific queries. Although the most popular is still undoubtedly the vector space model proposed by Salton 
BACKGROUND
In this section we present the term-weighting components used in our approach and a brief review of some concepts of Genetic Programming. Sine~ each node consists of only 24 bytes and the top-down search is closer to a depth-first search than a breadth-first search    , the amount of space required by the hierarchy n·odes is not excessive. Acknowledgements
Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Multimodality is the capability of fusing and presenting heterogeneous data    , such as audio    , video and text    , from multiple information sources    , such as the Internet and TV. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. More research however is required not only in identifying different types of search topics    , but also in defining more close what constitutes a simple and more complex topic and determining how the different elements should be taken into account in the experimental design. The users can highlight any text from the search snippets or whole document and add it to the notebook by a single button click. By emphasizing the discriminative power specificity of a term    , LIB reduces weights of terms commonly shared by unrelated documents    , leading to fewer of these documents being grouped together smaller false positive and higher precision.   , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. As the value nears zero    , the pictogram becomes less relevant; hence    , a cutoff point is needed to discard the less relevant pictograms. The deployment of the method would not have taken place without contribution from Nokia management. For example    , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w    , d    , v    , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. -.064
DISCUSSION & CONCLUSION
Our experiment aimed primarily to devise a multidimensional definition of 'alignment.' While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods    , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Main Results
The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. We will show the effectiveness of our proposed method in the experimental section. Also see the PR-curves for the baseline 
Concept cross translation
The numbers in table 1 show that the CLIR approach in general outperforms our baseline. A recent study of Twitter as a whole    , gathered by breadth-first search    , collected 1.47 billion edges in total 
Impact of the Suggested Users List
Given that the overall celebrity follow rate halved when Twitter switched to the categorical suggested users list    , it is clear that being on the suggested users list increases the acquisition of new followers substantially. Because the denominator holds the maximum entropy and normalized entropy is subtracted from 1    , F falls in the range 
Sσ i     , σ j  = σ i · σ j σ i σ j 2 
 Because facts cannot have negative frequencies    , similarities are in the range 
Styles    , Institutions and Reproduction 
 Cultural Reproduction: Styles are mechanisms of reproduction of focus. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: 
H conv = CharCN N T  6 ht = LST M gt    , ht−1 7 
where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. In the course of this development    , the knowledge representation structures called templates were defined and adopted as the basic building-blocks for representing linguistic and extralinguistic knowledge. CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
We have described the design and implementation of HearSay    , an audio Web browser system. 6 and 7 only makes sense if there are users associated with each edge in our dataset    , which is not true of the four graph types we have presented so far. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist    , too. Simply put    , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. However    , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists    , such as Participants P7 and P12. The replicated examples were used both when fitting model parameters and when tuning the threshold. State verb 
Linguistic Biases 
 We describe two linguistic biases discussed by social psychologists and communication scientists: the Linguistic Expectancy Bias LEB and the Linguistic Intergroup Bias LIB. We also present precision at one document retrieved P@1    , a histogram of ranks at which the correct answer appeared and a pairwise comparison of methods number of queries where A was superior and number of queries where B was superior. nodes with no connections increases. The first order derivatives are: 
= e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t 1 + e −v u  ,i  ,t ·r u  ,i  ,t · −ru  ,i  ,t 
 Based on the above derivation    , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. We generalize the random effects model in Eq. On the other hand    , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game    , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. It is evident that natural language texts are highly noisy and redundant as training data for statistical classification    , and that applying a complete mathematical model to such noisy and redundant data often results in over-fitting and wasteful computation in LLSF. We use this measure in a similar way to the authors in 
Homogeneity
Another important measure of the social diversity of a place is the extent to which its visitors are homogeneous in their characteristics . EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
In this section we conduct a set of empirical studies to extensively evaluate the performance of our time-dependent query semantic similarity model. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. 2 Hierarchical tree structure in an overall graph structure: ideal for representing content models. gorithm 1 outlines the key steps of KLSH    , where b is a critical parameter that determines the length of hash key to be constructed in KLSH. Further    , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is    , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. These three input parameters have already been introduced before. Then    , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space    , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context    , followed by their loss functions. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape    , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies    , particularly theory related to creativity    , is lacking. We introduce a typical use case in which an intelligent traffic management system must support coordinated access to a knowledge base for a large number of agents. Selection-Centric Context Semantic Model
One potential problem to apply this context language model to score each reference document is that a document is very short see the snippet in 
Vs    , c = w∈c pw|s    , c · Vw 4 
Although using ESA for semantic matching is not entirely novel    , we are the first to leverage the term proximity evidence when computing the ESA vector. Each of the pivots were manually examined by an assessor for assigning a relevance grade. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. INTRODUCTION
Cross lingual information retrieval CLIR has been one of the major research areas in information retrieval during last few years 
LEARNING
Statistical Translation Models
Let's assume that the language of queries is Chinese and the language of documents is English. The experiment simulates real-world tasks in a real-world interface. , the difference in means depends on aspects of the experimental design. Topics sustainable tourism and interpolation 1411 and 4882 do not benefit from semantic matching due to a semantic gap: interpolation is associated with the polynomial kind while the relevance assessments focus on stochastic methods. This is approached by embedding both the image and the novel labels into a common semantic space such that their relevance can be estimated in terms of the distance between the corresponding vectors in the space. 2-The second approach is experimental: an initial user interface is quickly developed and then evaluated by end-users. However    , the experimental design allows us to also explore differences between alignment assessment and behavior. We then proposed different aspects for characterizing reference quality    , including context coherence    , selection clarity    , and reference relevance with respect to the selection and the context.   , the numberof times w occurred in d. I t i s w orth noticing that an equivalent symmetric version of the model can be obtained by i n verting the conditional probability P zjd with the help of Alternating 5 with 68 deenes a convergent procedure that approaches a local maximum of the logglikelihood in 3. To represent a specific node in S    , previous work tries to find matches in the skipgram model for every phrase    , and average the corresponding vectors 
EMPIRICAL EVALUATION
This section presents an evaluation to verify our proposal    , compared with the baseline model 
Setup
Training Label Set Y0. Subsequently    , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q .   , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations    , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We split the document into paragraphs or sentences and rank them according to an estimate of relevance to the query. The latter three variables were based on the topic classifications defined in the ImageCLEF 2007 
Data and Topics
The ImageCLEF 2007 collection is a set of 20  ,000 images    , 60 search topics    , and associated relevance judgments. Where applicable    , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Experimental Design 
To evaluate PAR    , we collected 119 real bugs from open source projects as shown in 
Subject 
B. RQ1: Fixability 
¨ 
C. RQ2: Acceptability 
In this section    , we measure the acceptability of patches generated by PAR and GenProg. Note that    , conditioned on the activity function at    , the second term is constant. Evaluation of the Implementation
 Because our approach extracts reference linking and bibliographic data automatically from widely variable sources    , it cannot be expected that the data will be 100% accurate. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity    , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. However the Q matrix is reduced by one row and one column in every iteration     , otherwise is unchanged. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. To identify friends with similar tastes    , a context-aware version of Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. Recently    , max pooling has been generalized to kmax pooling 
Softmax
The output of the penultimate convolutional and pooling layers x is passed to a fully connected softmax layer. However    , the MorphAdorner dictionary is an unusually large and clean knowledge base by CLIR standards. Our official submission    , however    , was based on the reduced document model in which text between certain tags was indexed. Four pictogram retrieval approaches 
were evaluated: 1 baseline approach which returns pictograms containing the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 2 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance value using not-categorized interpretations ; 3 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized interpretations; and 4 semantic relevance approach which calculates semantic relevance values using categorized and weighted interpretations . *; : Surrogate s = new Surrogate  url ; s.save; 
The application produces a repository of surrogates    , which represents    , and adds value to    , the D-Lib on-line journal. For even larger datasets    , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. The workshops are well prepared    , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. We have a concept occurrence    , also called a " semantic hit "     , when a paragraph contains an inflection of a question's concept or an entity with the same semantic category of the Question Focus Each occurrences is weighted according to the associated semantic slot and all weights are added up to obtain a score for each paragraph. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Language modeling with relevance model RM2 
dbpWISTUD 
 This run integrated background knowledge from DBpedia and applied the semantic enrichment strategies described in Section 2.2.   , " oooooooooh " or " aaaaaaah " . , precision and purity. Based on 2 and 3    , the semantic relevance or the measure of relevancy to return pictogram e when w i is input as query can be calculated as follows: 
SRw i     , e = j P w j |e|E i ∩ E j |/|E i ∪ E j | 4 
The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero    , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. Each part γ i ∈ Dα constitutes a set of semantically related primary information items linked according to their semantic relationships. There are many different ways in which the data could be partitioned     , but an individual document must be present in only one media. , 
Four Subject Systems
 We synthesized design spaces and compared static predictions with dynamic results for four subject systems. EXPERIMENTAL DESIGN
 Amazon Mechanical Turk MTurk is an online labor market in which requesters can post small jobs    , referred to as human intelligence tasks or HITs    , along with specified payments for completing each HIT. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers    , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. However    , the experimental design also created a context for studying and comparing the behavior and judgment of users as they themselves search for aligned documents vs.how they act when evaluating the alignment of document/standard pairs suggested by others. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. DANGEROUS 
Sequentialization and the Danger of Destruction 
The transition schemes between certain recursive and certain iterative notations show that the one form is as good as the other    , apart from its appearance. Specifically    , we consider three classes of signals: 
 User Because of user specialisation    , we expect that most of the repin activities of the user is restricted to only a few categories    , and furthermore    , even amongst these categories    , there may be a skewed interest favouring certain categories over others . Our results focus on measuring the performance of a single endpoint or service.   , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx  ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. CLEF will provide the opportunity for monolingual system testing and tuning and build up test suites in other European languages beginning with French   , INTRODUCTION
Stemming is one of many tools used in information retrieval to combat the vocabulary mismatch problem    , in which query words do not match document words. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos    , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. We use the L2 i.e. 7 
for an empirically determined threshold τS which governs how similar a term a must be to m to be considered a viable translation for m. 
Combining Evidence
 The previous two subsections introduced sources of evidence that might help cross-temporal IR. First    , when using the same number of hash tables    , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need    , compared with the entropy-based approach  ? We manually looked through a couple of hundreds of these examples and grouped the problems into several clusters 
RELATED WORK
One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD    , started in 2011 
CONCLUSIONS AND FUTURE WORK
Our work showed that unstructured text resources can be effectively utilized for knowledge base question answering to improve query understanding    , candidate answer generation and ranking. The first is the object model of an E-commerce system adopted from Lau and Czarnecki 
Planning and Execution
Our experimental procedure involved the synthesis of both design spaces of database alternatives and several abstract loads in a variety of sizes for each subject system. Building conversation systems    , in fact    , has attracted much attention over the past decades. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7  ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. Data Preparation
We prepare two datasets for experiments. Finally    , we assessed our random forest model Sec. For German    , texts from the Swiss newspaper "Neue Zürcher Zeitung" NZZ for 1994 were also added. In this study    , we use raw term frequencies with MLE to estimate probabilities and do not use any smoothing techniques to fine tune the estimates.   , ridge regularization. To discover a topic evolution graph from a seed topic    , we apply a breadth-first search starting from the seed node but only following the edges that lead to topic nodes earlier in time. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards    , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . In this way    , one could estimate a general user vocabulary model    , that describes the searcher's active and passive language use in more than just term frequencies. Three experiments were conducted    , one based on nouns    , one based on stylometric properties    , and one based on punctuation statistics. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple    , step-wise sequence. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. As a result    , the 2014 data includes far more sessions than previous years—1  ,257 unique sessions as compared to around 100 for each of the previous three years. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server    , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. Evaluation
Using the semantic relevance measure    , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. This crossed-links will turn the whole diagram into a graph    , but with interesting visualization and folding properties. Intmduction
We consider the following dependency inference problem: 
Given a relation r    , fii a set of functional dependencies that logically determines all the functional dependencies holding in r. 
The problem area of lnferrlng general rules from instances of data has become popularly lcno%i as muchine learning MCM83    , MCM861 or knowfedpe acouisifion. Assuming an industrial setting    , long-term attention models that include the searcher's general interest in addition to the current session context can be expected to become powerful tools for a wide number of inference tasks. MKLSH 
Experimental Results
We now present the performance evaluation results on the data sets. Static Metrics Suite
The choice of mapping strategy impacts key non-functional system properties. We had hoped that with the CLIR track in its third year    , more groups would start to experiment with non-English query languages. Results
A total of twelve groups from six different countries submitted results for the TREC-8 CLIR track see 
Participant 
Merging remained an important issue for most participants. The relevance judgments are supplied in a format amenable to TREC evaluation . Suggestion Method Precision Recall 
Discussion
Our evaluation shows that TagAssist is able to provide relevant tag suggestions for new blog posts. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 
Searching and Ranking
AckSeer provides a search interface to access millions of acknowledged entities that were extracted from more than 500  ,000 papers and books. For doing that    , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. As we can see in 
Query-Directed vs. Step-Wise Probing
This subsection presents the experimental results of the differences between the query-directed and step-wise probing sequences for the multi-probe LSH indexing method. But combining these sources would presumably improve effectiveness of CTIR    , much as evidence combination has aided CLIR 
Naive Combination
It is tempting simply to assume that strong evidence on both dimensions – dictionary and spelling – should increase our confidence in a translation. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity    , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. Decoder
The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. In all cases    , the first constraint is timed q 
    , tmax    , and the second constraint is 
FEATURES
In this section    , we present features used for learning a ranking model for related news predictions. Our first naive approach was to use WordNet 
Experimental design
Our fundamental approach was to group documents that share tags into clusters and then compare the similarity of all documents within a cluster. The results show that query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the step-wise probing sequence. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel     , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . Sensitivity Results
 By probing multiple hash buckets per table    , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method    , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. 9 
The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. We will refer to this characteristic of one-to-many correspondence in meaning-to-pictogram and an associative measure of ranking pictograms according to interpretation relevancy as assisting selection of pictograms having shared interpretations. After fitting this model    , we use the parameters associated with each article to estimate it's quality. Moreover    , in U    , no variable is needed for the second parameter which remains constant under recursion.