We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. If the forest has T trees  , then Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. The rules with extensional predicates can be handled very naturally in our framework. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We next present our random forest model. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. the user leaving the ad landing page. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. template. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Random Forest. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. The idea behind EasyEnsemble is quite simple. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. The final output of the forest is a weighted sum of the class distributions output by all of the trees in the forest. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. Random Forest is the classifier used. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. Learning scheme. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. C while the case of uncertain-membership will be labeled by L = {−1  , +1}. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. Accuracy is defined as the percentage of answers classified cor- rectly. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. In both cases  , such features cause over-fitting in the prediction. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. ICTNETVS1 is based on traditional information retrieval IR model. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. To overcome this we propose a new classifier: the Random Interval Feature RIF Ensemble. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. Yet  , in the CQA domain  , the differences are vast. We show further evidence for this statement in Section 4.4. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The examples of keyphrases extracted by SEERLAB system are shown in Table 1. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. The second is LTR's Random Forest LTR-RF. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. The input to our random forest is all categorical  , and is given as key-value pairs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. Note that different authors may share the same name either as full names or as initials and last names. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. In this case  , we see that RadixZip consistently loses. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. The results show that our approach clearly outperforms both baseline approaches on all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. This is only used to select positively classified test points. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. Experiment Setup. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We note that during our research we also trained our random forest using the query words directly  , instead of their mapped clusters. We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Classifier Selection. Figure 8 : Compare the F 1 score higher is better when using different groups of features. 5: ROC curves for the datasets a Medium b Large c All . On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. The remaining data are fed to a random forest classifier 4. On the other hand  , however  , no-one will contest that a small! An example for our CQA intent classification task may be {G : 0.3  , CQA : 0.7}  , which means that the forest assessment of an input query is that it is a general Web query G with 30% probability  , and a CQA query CQA with 70% probability. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. As a result  , we were able to train our multi-label random forest classifier on a medium sized cluster in less than a day. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following. In the random subspace approach of Ho  , exactly half n/2 of the attributes were chosen each time.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features. Trees are trained on the resulting 3 √ m features and classification is by majority vote.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The random forest classifier appears in the first rank. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. We analyzed the contribution of the various features to the model by measuring their average rank across the three classifiers   , as provided by the Random Forest. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. A hundred trees were learnt in MLRF's random forest for each data set. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Then a new result is achieved ordered by the combination of scaled scores of three retrieval model. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. Furthermore  , it provides the aforementioned local shape representation. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. In this section  , we show how our Random Forest classifiers can be used to predict global object shape from local shape information. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Once the features have been computed for an image  , they are fed into a random forest 6 classifier. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. The active label distributions can be aggregated over leaf nodes and the most popular labels can be recommended to the advertiser. However  , the techniques we use in building the trees  , in particular the choice of variables and values used to split nodes of the tree  , are fairly distinct. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. In addition  , the system must issue a confidence score ∈0  , 1000 ∈ Z where 1000 is very confident. Classification results were similar for a number of prediction models. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. The value of our prediction task lies in the fact that we use highly discriminative yet low-cost features. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. This OOB error estimate is also used later in the computation of variable importance. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Each fold is stratified so that it contains approximately the same proportions of class distribution as the original dataset. Figure 1reports these scores. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. As mRMR takes into account redundancy between the indicators  , this should not be a major issue. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. The random forest and pam combination provides middling results. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Each label  , in our formulation   , corresponds to a separate bid phrase. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. For example RF_all_13_13 stands for Random Forest using all features  , trained on 2013 and applied on 2013 9 . We view the CCR problem as a 3-class classification problem by combining garbage and neutral as a single non-useful class. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. 4 consists of the union of all corresponding sets: Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. We call this tree the LSH Tree. ProductionBiz: This is the actual matcher used in the production system for matching the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. We have included two of the highly performing methods on 2012 CCR task as baselines. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. The former classifies the candidate documents into vital or useful  , while the latter classifies the candidate documents into relevant vital + useful or irrelevant neutral + garbage. 4 and 5 show the ROC curves for all five datasets. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. The features are listed in Table Iand extend the set proposed in 3 and 4. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. In the case of Persons 2 and Restaurants  , both methods performed equally well.  Incorporating both context i.e. forest-fire with random seeds seem to perform well for themes that are of global importance  , such as 'Social Issues' that subsumes topics like '#BeatCancer'  , 'Swine Flu'  , '#Stoptheviolence' and 'Unemployment'. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. Different trees may have different thresholds for the same predicates  , and can use different matching functions on the same attributes. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. In theory  , this conversion may generate a DNF with exponentially many clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . The assumption is reasonable given the patterns of acknowledgments described in the introduction. Variable importance is a measurement of how much influence an attribute has on the prediction accuracy. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. Figure 3shows the accuracy on S500 data  , as the trees were grown in the random forest. CollabSeer is built based on CiteSeerX dataset. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. None of the classical methods perform as well. This table shows that after feature selection  , the proposed method is about three times faster than the sate-of-the-art random forest method  , and achieves greater accuracy. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. In fact  , 25  , 27  validate the overfitting issue faced by random forest models when learning to classify high-dimensional noisy data. That way  , there is a set of contrast variables that we know are from the same distribution as the original variables and should have no relationship with our target variable Y since Z i is a 'shuffled' X i . Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. To remain focused  , we use a single representative for each family of approaches: Random Forest 3-step for classification and Random Forests for ranking. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. Compared to C4.5 a random forest ensemble created using log 2 n + 1 attributes is very good and RTB- 20 is the best by a rather small increment. Random forests use a relatively small number of attributes in determining a test at a node which makes the tree faster to build. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Random forests provide information on how well features helps to separate classes and give insight on which ones help to characterize centrally relevant documents about an entity in a stream. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. Since the evaluation of the entire ensemble is critical for the reweighting step on the next iteration  , and the previous ensemble state may be already overfitted  , the errors may be unwittingly propagated as the random forest is built  , being not robust to such high dimensional noisy data. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. This random partitioning produces noticeable shorter paths for anomalies since a the fewer instances of anomalies result in a smaller number of partitions – shorter paths in a tree structure  , and b instances with distinguishable attribute-values are more likely to be separated in early partitioning . Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. In order to apply Laplacian kernels to graphs with negative edges  , we use the measure described as the signed resistance distance in 17  , defined as: An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. Training data  , with pre-assigned values for the dependent variables are used to build the Random Forest model. In summary  , the recall precision curves of all three categories present negative slopes  , as we hoped for  , allowing us to tune our system to achieve high precision. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. Many of the suggestions  , particularly those beyond the top 10  , were more relevant to an Italian restaurant rather than a Thai restaurant. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. For every data point x in the original data  , define the out-of-bag OOB trees of x as the set of trees where x is not included in their bootstrap samples. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. V for more detail on the database. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. For example  , in the scenario of training ratios to be 5% and 10%  , the AUCs of HS-MP are around 4%∼5% larger than the AUCs of the random forest. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. We achieve qualitatively similar results for the other two servers; for instance  , the random forest classifier produces a prediction accuracy of 81% on Bleeding Hollow  , and 84.3% on Cenarion Circle. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. However  , by deliberate design  , we need to make no changes to our random forest formulation or implementation as discussed in section 3. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The best fit between the number of trees and the learning time is given by the function T ime = #T rees · 0.22 1.65 with an adjusted R 2 coecient of 0.96. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. In the within-project setting i.e. , models are built and applied on the same project  , our spectral classifier ranks in the second tier  , while only random forest ranks in the first tier. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. , the low percentage of defective entities in the target project. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In random forest  , one way to measure the importance of a feature in a model is by calculating the average drops in Gini index at nodes where that feature is used as the splitting cri- teria 6. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. The results show that we are able to identify a number of matches among products  , and the aggregated descriptions have at least six new attribute-value pairs in each case. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. We found that we are able to predict correctly implicit state information based on geospatial named entities using a Random Forest RF classifier with precision of 0.989  , recall 0.798  , and F1 of 0.883  , for Pennsylvania. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. We can see from the table that runs using random forest have better retrieval performance than others. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. To evaluate the performance of the random forest for disambiguation  , we first randomly select 91 unique author names as defined by the last name and the first initial from Medline database. For each pair of candidate answers Aqqu creates an instance  , which contains 3 groups of features: features of the first  , the second candidate in the pair and the differences between the corresponding features of the candidates. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. In this paper  , we simultaneously address grasp prediction and retrieval of latent global object properties. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. The proposed ensemble feature selection FS technique using TS/NN has achieved higher accuracy in all data sets except Diabetes. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. Using the above evaluations we found that our generic heuristic dominates random ordering  , although the latter sometimes has increasingly competitive accuracy as more time passes before interruption  , particularly for 'Forest Cover Type' and 'Pen Digits' datasets. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. Our contributions are as follows: We pose bid phrase recommendation as a multi-label learning problem with ten million labels. We order the 1.2k labeled examples by time from the oldest to the most recent. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. Table 5and 6 show the corresponding precisions  , recalls and F-measures of the Cost Sensitive classifier based on Random Forest  , which outperformed the other classifiers yielding an 90.32% success in classification for our trained model. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. This is useful because users generally use such rules to disambiguate names; for an example  , " if the affiliations are matched  , and both are the first author  , then .. " . Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. English  , Chinese yeari = paperi's year of publication meshi = set of mesh terms in the paperi For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. In total  , 14 Stacked Features were added 7 aggregates each  , which were applied to the top k in-links and out-links separately. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. The roots of these trees  , surrounding the moved obstacle  , indicate where the forest is split. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. Several appearance-based methods for hand detection in depth images have been proposed in recent research. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. Because we have a much smaller testing set the curves are less smooth  , however  , SimpleRank clearly beats Random up to the first 2 ,000 examples. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . We then develop our multi-label formulation in Section 3. In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. It can be seen that the classifiers that produced the best results were the Random Forest classifier for the HTML features  , the J48 classifier for the Java- Script features  , and the J48 classifier for the URL-and host-based features. Table 4  , and for project " Ivy v1.4 "   , the top four supervised classifiers experience a downgraded performance when changing from a crossproject setting to a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. auth last idf   , auth mid  , af f tf idf   , jour year dif f   , af f sof ttf idf   , mesh shared idf for RF-P ity between author's middle name are the most predictive variables for disambiguating names in Medline. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Therefore only results from the Random Forest experiments are reported  , specifying F1  , accuracy and the area under the ROC curve AUC. To understand which features contribute most to model accuracy and whether it is possible to reduce the feature manner. Given that the proposed system is evaluated over seven iterations   , we plot for each benchmark the precision-recall curve for the iteration in which the proposed system achieved the highest F-Measure. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The table show that  , on average  , even the pessimistic estimate exceeds the next best the Raven boolean classifier system performance by over 4.5 %. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. As described in detail next  , this information is used to develop novel features for detecting entities and ranking candidate answers. If the impact is less significant  , then the difference between the original and re-test result may be not so noticeable  , as shown in the Page Blocks dataset. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. In our future work  , we will compare Random Forest to simpler classifiers. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We then extend our MLRF formulation to train on the inferred beliefs in the state of each label and show that this leads to better bid phrase recommendations as compared to the standard supervised learning paradigm of directly training on the given labels. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. On the other hand  , PosLM  , which models only structure  , performs the worst  , showing that a combination of content and structure bearing signals is necessary. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. The former one classifies the candidate documents into vital or non-vital  , yet the latter one classifies them into relevant vital + useful  or irrelevant unknown + non-referent. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. For ICTNETVS1  , they calculated a term frequency based similarity score between queries and verticals. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. Considering the Random Forest based approaches we vary the number of trees ranging from 10 to 1000. A leaf node l stores a distribution P l c over class labels c. This distribution is modeled by a histogram computed over the class labels of the training data that ended up at this leaf node. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. This confirms earlier findings that the MLP can be slower by 1–2 orders of magnitude  , and has a direct dependence on the size of the training set 27. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. , they are able to detect the matching pairs in the dataset  , but they also misclassify a lot of non-matching pairs  , leading to a low precision. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . We aim to identify the topics which best characterize this intent and use those topics to infer the latent community structure. These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. We use a Random Forest model trained on several features to disambiguate two authors a and b in two different papers p and q 28. From feature perspective  , the user profile features age  , income  , education level  , height  , weight  , location  , photo count  , etc. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. Let us now consider how to implement the LSH Forest as a diskbased index for large data sets. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . For every word in the vocabulary  , their relevance model gives the probability of observing the word if we first randomly select a document from the set of relevant documents  , and then pick a random word from it see Section 2.3 for a more formal account of this approach. The clusters of reviews belonging to the bug report and suggestion for new feature categories are prioritized with the aim of supporting release planning activities. For instance  , it is straightforward to show that as the number of trees increases asymptotically  , MLRF's predictions will converge to the expected value of the ensemble generated by randomly choosing all parameters and that the generalization error of MLRF is bounded above by a function of the correlation between trees and the average strength of the trees. We use the log-likelihood LL and the Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance KS-distance 8 to evaluate the goodness-of-fit of and . The KS-distance as defined below In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. The criterion used to1 detect this phenomena comes from the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 13. Mitosis is essential because  , after some training  , there can be nodes that try to single-handedly model two distinctly different clusters. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. The tasks compared the result 'click' distributions where the length of the summary was manipulated. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. D is the maximum vertical deviation as computed by the KS test. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The figures also clearly indicate that the density curve for Rel:SameReviewer is more concentrated around zero than Rel:DifferentReviewer for all three categories. Their methods automatically estimate the scaling parameter s  , by selecting the fit that minimizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS D − statistic. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Experiment 1. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. It can be seen that QA ,-learning takes much fewer steps than Q-learning and fast QA ,-leaming is much faster than QA-Iearning. Like Q-learning. Another popular learning method  , known as sarsa  I I  , is less aggressive than Q-learning. Q-learning incrementally builds a model that represents how the application can be used. In particular  , AutoBlackTest uses Q-learning. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. The agent builds the Q-learning model by alternating exploration and exploitation activities. This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. So the area of the sensor location where the Q-value for recognition becomes to have a strong peak. First and foremost  , we have demonstrated the extension of our previous Q-learning work I31 to a significantly more complicated action space. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. It can be seen that Q-learning incorporated with DYNA or environmental·information reduce about 50 percent of the number of steps taken by the agent. q Layered or spiral approaches to learning that permit usage with minimal knowledge. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. A learning task assumes that the agents do not have preliminary knowledge about the environment in which they act. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. An exploration space is structured based on selected actions and a Q-table for the exploration is created. This provides a measure of the quality of executing a state-action pair. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. During learning  , it is necessary to choose the next action to execute. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. In this section  , we demonstrate the performance of the Exa-Q architecture in a navigation task shown in Fig.36Table 1shows the number of steps when the agent first derives an optimal path by the greedy policy for &-learning  , Dyna-Q architecture and Exa-Q architec- ture. The learning rate is also fasterFig.4. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. A learning session consists in initializing the Q function randomly  , then performing several sequences of experiments and learning until a good result is achieved. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. Then we showed the extended method of connectionist Q-Learning for learning a behavior with continuous inputs and outputs . First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. The learning system is applied t o a very dynamic control problem in simulation and desirable abilities have been shown. Learning. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. 9. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . Second point is the handling of the penalty. And learning coefficients q and a are 0.1 and 0.2 respectively. where thekyc is the sampled data  , yr target direction. We follow the explanation of the Q-learning by Kaelbling 8. For more through treatment  , see 7. The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. During training  , we are looking for a w that minimizes q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y usually added to some regularization penalty like w 2 2 on the model. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? The task of question classification could be automatically accomplished using machine learning methods 91011. Given a question 1 2 .. k Q q q q =   , it is natural to assign it to the question class which has highest posterior probability  , i.e. , * arg max Pr |  The goal of information retrieval  , is to learn a retrieval function h * that will be good for all the queries q ∈ Q. Machine learning methods would allow combining the two data sources for more accurate profiles than those obtained from each source alone. Finally  , we note that the B+Q→Q curve is dominated by the Q→Q curve for smaller profiles because of the simplistic profile construction procedure we used. A Q-value is the discounted expected on-line return for per­ forming an action at the current state. In Q­ learning the policy is formed by determining a Q-value for each state-action pair. The latter problem is typically solved using learning to rank techniques. where scq sub   , D is the retrieval score of using q sub to retrieve D. achieve the best retrieval performance. Different meta-path based ranking features and learning to rank model can be used to recommend nodes originally linked to v Q i via these removed edges. , we randomly remove p% of edges in E Q i from the graph. During exploration  , the agent chooses the action to execute randomly  , while during exploitation the agent executes the action with the highest Q-value. Each weight of CMAC has an additional information to store a count of updation of the weight. a t states I and params p  , Q  p   , ~   , u    , employing a Q-learning rule. This function is the maximum cumulative discounted reward that can be achieved by starting from state s and applying action a as the first action. where 0 < y < 1 Q learning defines an evaluation function Qs ,a. Sarsalearning starts with some initial estimates for the Q-values that are then dynamically updated  , but there is no maximization over possible actions in the transition state stti. According to the conditional independency assumptions  , we can get the probability distribution pR ij |q through  , the problem of learning probability pR ij |q  , by a probabilistic graphical model  , which is described by Figure 1. For CXHist  , the buckets are initialized with nexp exponential values and the gradient descent update method with a learning rate of 1 is used. The notation CHk  , q  , triggersize denotes the CH method with parameters k  , q and triggersize. To test the robots  , the Q-learning function is located within another FSA for each individual robot. The Q-learner does not have to select the last role it was executing before it died. Selection and reproduction are applied and new population is structured . The Q-table is reinforced using learning dynamics and the finesses of genes are calculated based on the reinforced Q-table. By this way  , the robot acquired stable target approaching and obstacle avoida nce behavior. And or learning  , we proposed Switching Q-lear ning in which plural Q-tables are used alternately according to dead-lock situations. Learning Inference limit the ability of a model to represent the questions. This results in topic distributions associated with the sets Q and QA and each element contained therein θ Q i and θ QA i Figure 10: The one-dimension of distribution of the Q­ values when the se ct ions of the Q-value surfaces  , Fig. Q-Learning is known to converge to an optimal Q function under appropriate conditions 10. where s t+1 is the state reached from state s when performing action a at time t. At each step  , the value of a state action pair is updated using the temporal difference term  , weighted by a learning rate α t . After Q-Learning is applied  , for making smooth robot motion using key frames  , cubic spline interpolation are applied using the joint angles of key frames. For extracting appropriate key frames  , Q-Learning is applied in order to take away the frame with significant noises. It is difficult to apply the usual Q-learning to the real robot that has many redundant degrees of freedom and large action-state space. The application of the usual Q-learning is restricted to simple tasks with the small action-state space. In the first paper  , it was put forward that Q-learning could be used at any level of the control hierarchy. It may be the case that learning models is easier than learning Q functions  , as models can be learned in a supervised manner and may be smoother or less complex than Q functions. The model representation is learned from data  , and the value function representation is computed. This step is like dividing the problem of learning one single ranking model for all training queries into a set of sub-problems of learning the ranking model for each ranking-sensitive query topic. Topicqi = ⟨P C1|qi  , P C2|qi  , · · ·   , P Cn|qi⟩  , where P Ci|q is the probability that q belongs to Ci. And Q-maps were learned in their approaches instead of directly learning a sequence of associations between states and behaviors. But in their methods  , fixed-priority mechanisms such as suhsumption were employed  , and thus  , priority should be given before learning. However  , there have only been a small number of learning experiments with multiple robots to date. There has been a lot of successful use of Q learning on a single robot. Q-learning also implicitly learns the reward function . Comparisons between direct and model-based learning for efficiency and task-transfer can also be found in Atkeson and Santamaria 13  for swing up of pendulum with continuous actions. The only way that Q-learning can find out information about its environment is to take actions and observe their effects . The other main problem is that of incorporating prior knowledge into the learning system. Five different learning coefficients ranging: from 0.002 to 0.1 are experimented. The query sets for learning and evaluation are the same as those in the experiments of section 4  , that is to say  , Q r and Q2  , respectively. Some LOs may require prerequisites. Given a learning request Q and a repository of learning objects {LO 1   , ..  , LO n }  , find a composition of LOs that covers the user's query as much as possible. As a result  , learning on the task-level is simpler and faster than learning on the component system level. Task-level learning is applied to the entire system  , as oppwed to each component Q vision ayatem level module  , in order to reduce the degrees of freedom of the learning problem. This form of Q-learning can also be used  , as postulated by It could be used to control behavioral assemblages as demonstrated in the intercept scenario. To build a machine learning based quality predictor  , we need training samples. Therefore  , we need to properly handle these bad documents Q&A pairs. In our final experiment we tested the scalability of our approach for learning in very high dimensions. x ≡ q ∈ IR 27  This example implementation assumes the SAGE RL module uses Q-learning 9 . The exploration cost measures how well the policy performs on the target task. The state space consists of interior states and exterior states. <Formation of Q-learning> The action space consists of the phenotypes of the generated genes. For participant 2  , Q-learning converged in 75% of the cases and required around 100 steps on average. Convergence usually took around 70 steps. We developed a simple framework to make reward shaping socially acceptable for end users. An update in Q-learning takes the form Before Q* can be calculated with con­ ventional techniques  , the domain must be discretized. Many learning scenarios involve demonstrations in a con­ tinuous domain. So improvement of the performance of the acquired strategy is expected and the And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. The evaluation is given every 1 second. The values of normalization constant   , U and learning rate q were empirically set to 0.06 and 0.04  , respectively. Thus  , the first stage has become a bottleneck for the entire planner. First  , the computational cost of learning the optimal Q values is expensive in the first stage. 6 and Tan 7  studied an application of singleagent Q-learning to multiagent tasks without taking into account the opponents' strategies. Relatively to our approach  , Sen et al. The simulation results manifest our method's strong robustness. And 200 times reproduction is carried out. Since we assume the problem solving task  , the unbiased Q-learning takes long time. Figure 4shows an example of such state space. They show that given the optimal values  , the Q-learning team can ultimately match or beat the performance of the Homogeneous team. 6. We will call this type of reward function sparse. However  , there are a number of problems with simply using standard Q-learning techniques. where q 0 is the original query and α is an interpolation parameter. We will use these retrieval scores as a feature in learning to rank. Fortunately  , we saw in §2.2 that Θ Q could be more accurately estimated by applying supervised learning. A similarly striking effect for dependencies is observed in §3.4. And 30 times reproduction is carried out. The f q  , d model is constructed automatically using supervised machine learning techniques with labelled ranking data 13. In an IR setting  , a system maintains a collection of documents D. Given a query q  , the system retrieves a subset of documents d ∈ Dq from the collection  , ranks the documents by a global ranking model f q  , d  , and returns the top ranked documents. The goal of learning-to-rank is to find a scoring function f x that can minimize the loss function defined as: Let P Q denote the probability of observing query Q  , based on the underlying distribution of queries in the universe Q of all possible queries that users can issue together with all possible result combinations. It was then shown in 5 that Q-learning in general case may have an exponential computational complexity. The convergence of the estimated Qvalues   , ˆ Qs  , a  , to their optimal values  , ⋆ Qs  , a  , was proven in 4 under the conditions that each state-action pair is updated infinitely often  , rewards are bounded and α tends asymptotically to 0. CONTEX is a deterministic machine-learning based grammar learner/parser that was originally built for MT Hermjakob  , 1997. For questions with the Qtargets Q-WHY-FAMOUS  , Q-WHY-FAMOUS-PERSON  , Q-SYNONYM  , and others  , the parser also provides qargs—information helpful for matching: At first  , an initial set of population is structured randomly  , and the Q-table that consists of phenotype of the initial population is constructed. Hence  , we cast the problem of learning a distance metric D between a node and a label as that of learning a distance metric D that would make try to ensure that pairs of nodes in the same segment are closer to each other than pairs of nodes across segments. If our distance metric D assigns a very small distance between p and q then it will also make sure that p and q are close to the same labels |D p  , α−D q  , α| ≤ D p  , q from triangle inequality. where the learning rate 7lc is usually much greater than the de-learning rate q ,. It should be pointed out that the original RPCL was proposed heuristically  , but it has been shown that it is actually a special case of the general RPCL proposed in 6  , which was obtained from harmony learning6  , 71 and with the ability of automatically determining the learning and de-learning rates. Task-level learning provides a method of compensating for the structural modelling errors of the robot's component level control systems. In general Q-learning methods  , exploration of learning space is promoted by selecting an action by a policy which selects actions stochastically according to the distribution of action utilities. Hence we determine the policy so as to output the action of the largest utility  , uPp ,r  , and to explore the learning space we add stochastic fluctuation ll1is method is an appr oximate dynamic pro­ gramming method in which only value updating is per­ formed based on local informa tion. Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. Using example trajectories through the space allows us to easily incorporate human knowledge about how to perform a task in the learning system. The corresponding learning curves  , convergence rates  , and the average rewards are different based on the property values and the number of the blocks. For Q-learning  , we experimentally chose a learning rate α = 0.01 and a discount factor γ = 0.8; these parameters influence the extent to which previously unseen regions of the state-action space are explored. The use of prior system expertise explains the small number of grasp trials required in the construction of the F/S predictor mod- ule. The results suggest that learning to identify successful interaction patterns between a predictable grasp controller and a class of object geometries is more efficient than learning a control policy from scratch Q-learning.  Introduction of Learning Method: "a-Learning" Althongh therc are several possible lcarning mcthods that could be used in this system  , we employed the Q-learning method 6. The execution term of each oscillation motion per one action is two peri­ ods. It has been verified that such a hierarchical learning method works effectively for a centralize d controlled systems  , but the effectiveness of such a distributed controllcd system is not guaranteed. 4.2.2 Proposed Method: "Switching-Q": For cases in­ volving complex problems  , such as a robot's navigati on learning  , some hierarchical learning methods have bee n proposed 9  , 10  , 11  , etc. where q i k is the desired target value of visible neuron i at time step k. Additionally to the supervised synaptic learning  , an unsupervised learning method called intrinsic plasticity IP is used. In the following the online gradient rule with learning rate η IP and desired mean activity µ is shown: As the performance demonstration of the proposed method  , we apply this method on navigation tasks. In this paper  , we present an Exa-Q architecture which learns models and makes plans using the learned models to help a learning agent explore an environment actively  , avoids the learning agent falling into a local optimal policy  , and further  , accelerates the learning rate for deriving the optimal policy. It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. Thus the Q-function makes the actions explicit  , which allows us to compute them on-line using the following Q-learning update rule: where a is the learning rate  , and y is the discount factor 0 5 y < 1 . Second  , if the learning rate is low enough to prevent the overwriting of good information  , it takes too long to unlearn the incorrect portion of the previously learned policy. None of these methods work in conjunction with direct transfer of Q-values for the same two reasons: First  , if the learning rate is too high  , correct in­ formation is overwritten as new Q-values are up­ dated. Some researchers minimize a convex upper bound 17 on the objective above: The central challenge in learning to rank is that the objective q Δ y q   , arg max y w φx q   , y is highly discontinuous; its gradient is either zero or undefined at any given point w. The vast majority of research on learning to rank is con-cerned with approximating the objective with more benign ones that are more tractable for numerical optimization of w. We review a few competitive approaches in recent work. Each  X is classified into two categories based on the maximum action values separately obtained by Q learning: the area where one of the learned behaviors is directly applicable  n o more learning area  , and the area where learning is necessary due t o the competition of multiple behaviors re-learning area. JQe apply the proposed method t o a simplified soccer game including two mobile robots Figure 5. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we explain the task and assumptions   , and give a brief overview of the Q-learning. issues from a viewpoint of robot learning: a coping with a " state-action deviation " problem which occurs in constructing the state and action spaces in accordance with outputs from the physical sensors and actuators   , and b learning from easy missions mechanism for rapid task learning instead of task decomposition. Instead of learning only one common hamming space  , LBMCH is to learn hashing functions characterized by Wp and Wq for the p th and q th modalities  , which can map training data objects into distinct hamming spaces with mp and mq dimensions i.e. , code length  , respectively  , such that mp and mq may be different. i i = 1  , ···  , Nq to be the columns of Z q   , we have Z q ∈ R k×Nq . Thus  , improvements in retrieval quality that address intrinsically diverse needs have potential for broad impact. For example  , considering average number of queries  , total time  , and prevalence of such sessions  , common tasks include: discovering more information about a specific topic 6.8 queries  , 13.5 min  , 14% of sessions; comparing products or services 6.8 q  , 24.8 m  , 12%; finding facts about a person 6.9 q  , 4.8 m  , 3.5%; and learning how to perform a task 13 q  , 8.5 m  , 2.5%. In addition  , we study a retrieval model which is trained by supervised signals to rank a set of documents for given queries in the pairwise preference learning framework. Given a query q and a document d  , the relevance score between q and d is modeled as: As results shown  , Dyna-Q architecture accelerates the learning rate greatly and gets better Q-value rate because planning are made in the learned model. In general  , the &-value rate of Qlearning is lowerFig.5  , and  , the number of steps to enter the goal for the first time by the greedy policy is also larger Table 1. What is needed for learning are little variations of these quantities displacements: ∆x  , ∆F and ∆q. During the motion data are gathered from absolute position sensor  , x ∈ R 2   , force sensor tendons tensions  , F ∈ R 3   , and motor encoders  , q ∈ R 3 . find that a better method is to combine the question-description pairs used for training P D|Q with the description-question pairs used for training P Q|D  , and to then use this combined set of pairs for learning the word-to-word translation probabilities. Xue et al. But such a complexity may be substantially reduced to some small polynomial function in the size of the state space if an appropriate reward structure is chosen and if Q-values are initialized with some " good " values. In this section  , we will discuss an accuracy metric and a learning method that are probably more relevant to the grasping task than previous work. , m q } where y qi = r which means i-th pair has rank r. The NDCG score for scene q is defined as 29 So if the fitness is calculated from unregulated Q-table  , the selected actions at the state that is close to the goal are evaluated as a high val.ues. In the Q-learning  , the value of the state that is closer to goal state is higher. Furthennore  , Table Ishows that  , in the Switching-Q case  , the rates fall in all situations  , comparing with the 90% uf after-learning situatiun in Single-Q case. Thus  , each agent acquired its action rules in or der to appro­ priately use those rules in various situations. It is because 528 that  , for distributed agents  , the transitions between new rule ta ble and pa�t rule table were not simultane ous. As Q increases  , both BITM and sBITM show that they can learn the topic labels more accurately when there are more brand conscious users. By taking average of all Errk t   , we can define error T opicErr in learning topics for each model as performs the same when Q = 100. Executing an action with a high Q-value in the current state does not necessarily return an immediate high reward  , but the future actions will very likely return a high cumulative reward. The idea behind learning is to find a scoring function that results in the most sensitive hypothesis test. The corresponding feature vector ϕq  , c would then have two binary features ϕq  , c = 1  , if c is last click; 0 else 1  , if c is not last click; 0 else . However  , this approach is also problematic as a single URL in the test set  , which was unseen in the training set  , would yield an infinite entropy estimate. by learning the distribution of the triples U RL  , Q  , IP  on one set of training data  , and then using these probabilities to estimate HU RL|Q  , IP  on a different set of test data. These weights should reflect the effectiveness of the lists with respect to q. q  , l  , where α l is a non-negative weight assigned to list l. The prediction over retrieved lists task that we focus on here is learning the α l weights. The exploration-cost estimate is used by the ECM to help remove certain types of incorrect advice. An estimatc of the exploration cost  , denoted R  , is used during learning and is calculated using the current estimate of the Q-valucs  , Q  s   , a  . Unlike the uni-modal data ranking  , cross-modal ranking attempts to learn a similarity function f q  , d between a text query q and an image d according to a pre-defined ranking loss. We consider that learning scores for ranking from a supervised manner  , in which the ranking of images corresponding to a given textual query is available for training. Indeed  , an important characteristic of any query-subset selection technique would be to decrease the value-addition of a query q ∈ Q based on how much of that query has in common with the subset of queries already selected S. Submodularity is a natural model for query subset selection in Learning to Rank setting. To illustrate this goal  , consider the following hypothetical scenario where the scoring function scoreq  , c = w T ϕq  , c differentiates the last click of a query session from other clicks within the same session. Typically a learning-to-rank approach estimates one retrieval model across all training queries Q1  , ..  , Q k represented by feature vectors  , after which the test query Qt is ranked upon the retrieval model and the output is presented to the user. Q1  , ..  , Q k are the queries in the training set and Qt is the test query. \Ve also tried several alternate exploration strategies 12 including recency-based  , counter­ based  , and error-based exploration. TALI denotes the traditional active learning using informativeness  , where the most 20 uncertain instances are added to previous training set to train a new active learner. The batch  Q  size is set to be 20.  ,\ = 0.5 and 3 = 1. One of the great advantages of direct manipulation is that it places the task in the center of what users do. Figure 2shows the DCG comparison results. Since traditional active learning approaches cannot directly applied to query selection in ranking  , we compare it with random query selection denoted by Random-Q used in practice. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding plot for the Q-learning based controller and is also shown plot c and the knowledge-based controller plotb  , averaged over 500 epochs. Our method can be applied to nondeterministic domain because the Q-learning is used t o find out the optimal policy for accomplishing the given task. These procedures can make non-uniform quantization of the state space. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. Here  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning 20. At each step  , Q-learning generates a value for the swing time from a predefined discrete set 0.2 to 1.0 second  , increment of 0.02 second. a and y of Equation 1 are assigned 0.1 and 0.9 respectively. The knowledge offered by a learning object LO i and the prerequisites required to reach that LO are denoted LO i and PR i respectively. The user's query and his background knowledge are denoted Q and BK respectively . One action is selected according to Boltzmann Dis­ tribution in the learning phase  , and is selected accord­ ing to the greedy metho d in the execution phase using the Q-values. 1  , 0.99 is employed. Jordan and Rumelhart proposed a composite learning system as shown in Unfortunately   , the relationship between the actions and the outcomes is unknown Q priori  , that is  , we don't know the mathematical function that represents the envi- ronment. However  , tracking performancc IS difficult to evaluate bcforc actual excculion of Icaining control. Simulation results reveal that uniform tracking performance with ~=0.017 rad one dcgrcc can casily be achicvcd with thc learning factor q chosen somcwhat freely. Parallel Learning. By reusing S q and the prediction cachê rui  , we can calculate the objective function in O|R| + M K 2  time  , much faster than with direct calculation. All other agents utilized a discount rate of 0.7. The Q-learning module of the ACT- PEN agent used a discount rate of 1.0 and actions were selected greedily from the current policy with ties being broken randomly. Figure 4shows the distribution of trajectory times according to two adjoining distances and the best result of Q-learning. This restriction can easily be removed to allow the vehicle to select the best path. Ealch trial starts at a random location and finishes either when the goal is attained or when 100 steps are carried out. In both mappings  , Q-learning with Boltzmann ex- m 1st mapping 2nd mapping ploration was used. These tentative states are regarded as the states in Q-learning at the next iteration. As a result  , in terms of one tSk  , 2 N leaf nodes are generated and correspond t o tentative states. However  , γ i is also low when significant noise are overlapped. The values of learning rates ⌘1 and ⌘2 are set as constant 0.05 in the experiments. Matrices P and Q will be updated with equations given in Section 3.1.3 until convergence. q Optimized Set Reduction OSR  , which is based on both statistics and machine learning principles Qui86. This technique has been applied to software engineering modeling MK92  , as well as other experimental fields. We retrieve documents with the expanded query˜qquery˜ query˜q  , which provides us with a retrieval score per document. Our robot can select an action to be taken in the current state of the environment. In applying Q-learning to our task  , we have to define an action space. We randomly selected 894 new Q&A pairs from the Naver collection and manually judged the quality of the answers in the same way. However  , we can compute them incrementally 7  , by using eligibility traces. The above updates in QA-learning cannot be made as long as future rewards are not known. When the robot is initially started  , it signals the MissionLab console that it is active and loads the parameters for random hazards. This allows for real-time reward learning in many situations  , as is shown in Section IV . Second  , calculation of the control action aCL is typically extremely fast compared to calculating or approximating an entire action-value function Q*. Armed with crowdsourced labels and feature vectors  , we have reduced circumlocution to a classical machine learning problem. In the two- Query Symptom q s  , dicts  , encycs  , roots  , synroots  , paras The former function is realized to select key frames using Q-Learning approach for removing the noisy camera data. In this study  , we have proposed methods for mimicking and evaluating human motion. The agent aims not only to explore the various features of the application under test  , but also to identify the most significant features and their combinations. The model distinguishes high-value from low-value paths  , that are paths with high and low Q-values. The model obtained at the end of the learning phase represents the portion of the execution space that has been explored. This approach has been developed at the University of Maryland and has been applied in several software engineering applications lj3BT92  , BBH92. Type indicates the type of entry: 'F' for a frequent value or 'Q' for a quantile adjustment for the corresponding Col_Value value. Timestamp is the compile time of the query and is used to prohibit learning from old knowledge. Because they have sufficient rules and weights  , the answers are created from learning their known question and answer pairs in the open domain. Abraham Ittycheriah applied Machine Translation ideas to the Q/A 3. They search for a good sequence of tree edit operations using complex and computationally expensive Tree Kernel-based heuristic. Heilman & Smith  , 2010 15 develop an improved Tree Edit Distance TED model for learning tree transformations in a q/a pair. And a new strategy is acquired using Q-learning. At the next generation  , a new exploration space that includes the actions that is succeeded in the previous generation is generated. For comparison purposes  , the corresponding results for the knowledge-based controller and the Q-learning controller are reported in columns a and b  , respectively. Table 1  , column c reports the average percent failure rate observed for each object. The state space consists of the initial state and the states that can be transited by generated actions. 4shows the data flow in the control loop that runs at f control = 7.81 Hz. Table 2 contains the values which achieved the best performance for each map. A moving average window of 25 consecutive values is used to smooth the data. Learning is completely data-driven and has therefore no explicit model knowledge about the robot platform. The RNN implements a dynamical mapping between end-effector positions u and joint values q. In theory  , this is all that is necessary for the robot to learn the optimal policy. This phenomenon can be explained by observing that humans do not always explicitly reward correct social behavior. In our experiments with asynchronous Q-Learning  , the system appears to forget as soon as it learns. In order to confirm the effectiveness of our method  , we conducted an experiment. However  , it does not exploit information from Δ. This is a reasonable objective as it leads to positive values of w δφ q y  at optimum  , which is the case in structured learning. For different values of maxlength  , AUPlan clearly represents a tradeoff between the optimal solution OptPlan and the Q-learning based solution QPlan. When the maxlength is three  , AUPlan has about 85% of the optimal solution. It is well-known that learning m based on ML generally leads to overfitting. Let r i = |Ω Xi | and q i = |Ω X pai |  , then the number of free parameters is defined as The results show that the Exa-Q architecture not only explores an environment actively but also is faster in learning rate. Fig.9 shows the comparison of the Qvalue rate at probability 0.1. The force measurements at the wing base consist of gravitational  , inertial and aerodynamic components. Before getting into the details of our system  , we briefly review the basics of the Q-learning. For each state-action pair  s   , a    , the reward r  s   , a  is defined. Eighteen P=18 images from each scene class were used for training and the remaining ones Q=6 for testing. In the experiments in this section  , we investigate how attention affects learning and recognition of cluttered scenes. from the learning and diagnostic heuristics point of view  , the goal is not only to diagnose the error but also to encode the diagnostic heuristics for the error hypothesis. and E-= q ,e3 ,egl. Unlike Q­ learning  , QA-leaming not only considers the immediate reward  , it also takes the discounted future rewards into consideration. It propagates the reward backward only one step. Figures 4 and 5show examples where it converged for each participant. On every third revision  , three exploration-free rollouts were evaluated  , each using identical controls  , to evaluate learning progress. Results reported here are for qterminal = 300  , T = 300  , q = 1  , R = .33331 . The cumulative discounted reward is the sum of rewards that a robot expects to receive after entering into a particular state. Q learning is designed to optimize a robot policy n that is based on cumulative discounted rewards V". Continuous states are handled and continuous actions are generated by fuzzy reasoning in DFQL. This method keeps the main advantage of Q-learning over actor-critic leaming -the ability of exploration insensitivity  , which is desired in real-world applications. Thus  , learning to rank can also be regarded as a classification problem  , where the label space Y is very large. The " defect " of a ranking y wrt the ideal ranking y q is encoded in a loss function 17 While this generality is appealing and necessary in situations where modeling is impractical  , learning tends to be less data-efficient and is not generalizable to different tasks within the same environment 8. Model-free RL approaches  , such as Q-Learning 6 and policy gradient descent 7  , are capable of improving robot performance without explicitly modeling the world. They showed that if the other agents' policies are stationary then the learning agent will converge to some stationary policy as well. If a function approximator is used to learn the policy  , value  , or Q function inadequate exploration may lead to interference during learning  , so correct portions of the policy are actually degraded during learning. In both cases  , if the policy exploration is not adequate  , some regions of the policy may be incorrect. A table is created whose rows correspond to combinations of property values of blocks that can be involved in a put action. problem and learns a policy to achieve the desired configuration using Q-learning; this learning may be achieved using a combination of simulation and real-world trials. Because the learning rate is smaller than unity  , without reward  , the value of a given stateaction pair decreases  , effectively causing the system to treat absence of reward as punishment. As an example of the application  , the proposed method is tested with a two-link brachiation robot which learns a control policy for its swing motion 191. The learning method is based on Q-learning using connectionist model for representing utility functions 12546. All agents used a learning rate  , cy = 1.0 due to the deterministic environment. Previous work has generally solved this problem either by using domain knowledge to create a good discretization of the state space 9 or by hierarchically decomposing the problem by hand to make the learning task easier In all of the work presented here  , we use HEDGER as part of our Q-learning implementation. The main reason is that the values of rewards fade over time  , causing all robots to prefer actions that have immediate rewards. Popular non-averagereward-based learning techniques such as Q learning are effective at the action level  , but not at the task level  , because they do not induce cooperation  , understood as the division of labor according to function and/or location.   , a , , , based on their q-values with an exploration-exploitation strategy of l  , while the winning local action Because the basic fuzzy rules are used as starting points  , the robot can be operated safely even during learning and only explore the interesting environments to accelerate the learning speed. As regards the learning component  , the extensive studies have been made. In the single-agent case there is a remarkable example of study of the complexity of single-agent Q-learning with a comparison of heuristically initialized and zero-initialized cases by Koenig and Sim- mons 5. To overcome the third problem we can give greater importance to the last steps by increasing the rate of E changing. The problem solving task is defined as any learning task where the system receives a reward only upon entering a goal state. We assume the " homogeneous " state space uniformly Ic-bounded with polynomial width of the depth IC and zero-initialized Q-learning with a problem solving task. Prior knowledge can be embedded into the fuzzy rules  , which can reduce the training time significantly. This self-organizing feature makes system performance better than that of the conventional Fuzzy Q-Learning FQL of 181  , in which structure identification  , such as partitioning the input and output space and determination of number of fuzzy rules are still carried out offline and kept fixed during learning. In all scenes  , the policies are learned incrementally and efficiently. We showed an important feature of the B-spline fuzzy controller: for supervised learning  , if the squared error is selected as the action-value  , its partial differentiation with respect to each control vertex is a convex function. Q-learning 4 is a dynamic programming method that consists in calculating the utility of an action in a state by interacting with the environment. A learning agent should calculate an optimal policy ⋆ π by making a number of trials  , i.e. , by interacting with the environment. This learning rate was found to give optimal convergence speed vs final MSE  , however any learning rate within the range of 0.01 to 0.04 gave comparable results. The relationship between the number of hidden units and MSE on training and test data for a q of 0.02 is shown in Figure 6; note the test performance is evaluated at 5 epoch intervals. DFQL generalizes the continuous input space with hzzy rules and has the ability o f responding to the varying states with smoothly varying actions using fuzzy reasoning. In this paper  , we employ a new Q-learning method  , termed DFQL  , to facilitate real-time dynamic learning and control of mobile robots. Decrement the utility of entries in T b i that correspond to the property values identified for a worst . First  , we consider the mechanism of behavioral learning of simple tar get approaching. From this table  , we can see that in the single Q-learning case  , the correspunding rates of both cases were about 10% at initial phase of learning  , while  , after learning  , the rates rose up to ov er 90%  , Tha t is  , as a result of distribuh!d learning  , selection prob­ abilities of actions so rise that some strong connections of rules among the agents or inside one individual agent were implicitly formed  , consequently  , the sequential motion patterns were acquired. Further by refining the model and improving the value function estimates with real experiences  , the proposed method enhances the convergence rate of Q-learning. But differing from planning previous like k-certainty exploration learning system or Dyna-Q architecture which utilizes the learned model to adjust the policy or derive an optimal policy to the goal  , the objective of this planning is using the learned model to aid the agent to search the rules not executed till current time and realize fully exploring the environment. On the other hand  , "Rate of inner-agent" means that of rule transi­ tion inside the certain single agent. Eventually robot has a single color TV camera and does not know the locationis  , the sizes and the weights of the ball and the other agent  , any camera parameters such as focal length and tilt angle  , or kinematics/dynamics of itself . The performance of the Translation Model and the Translation- Based Language Model will rely on the quality of the word-to-word translation probabilities. The task of generating hash codes for samples can be formalized as learning a mapping bx  , referred to as a hash function  , which can project p-dimensional real-valued inputs x ∈ R p onto q-dimensional binary codes h ∈ H ≡ {−1  , 1} q   , while preserving similarities between samples in original spaces and transformed spaces. In this work  , we propose to use hashing methods to address the efficiency problem. In the case of model-based learning the planner can compensate for modeling error by building robust plans and by taking into account previous task outcomes in adjusting the plan independently of model updates Atkeson and Schaal  , 1997. At this point it is only a hope rather than a guarantee that a policy based on the imperfect model Q function will lead to experiences that correct the model's Q function's flaws. Planning is made through " examining " every Q values on the model which is learned by real experiences. In the following  , we will describe a generic approach to learning all these probabilities following the same way. Given an answer a  , a question q and a user u described by feature vectors x a   , x q and x u   , let the probability of them being a good answer  , good question  , good asker or good answerer be P xa  , P xq  , Pqstxu and Pansxu  , respectively. The most closely related branches of work to ours are 1 those that aim to mine and summarize opinions and facets from documents especially from review corpora  , and 2 those that study Q/A systems in general. Rather  , our goal is to use Q/A data as a means of learning a 'useful' relevance function  , and as such our experiments mainly focus on state-of-the-art relevance ranking techniques. For instance  , for the setting of q = 1/4X2 used in our experiments  , and with appropriate assumptions about the random presentation of examples   , their results imply the following upper bound on the expected square loss of the vector w computed by WH:l Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. The learning method does not need to care about these issues. If we assign a reward function according to the Euclidean distance to the goal to speed 13t8 Table 2up the learning  , we would suffer from local maxima of Q-values because the Euclidean distance measure cannot always reflect the length of the action sequence because of the non-holonomic property of the mobile robot. Eqn.8 provides continuity from this self-learn value as well as allowing for a varying degree of influence from the selfrelevant on the whole relevant set  , controlled by the learning rate 'rIQ and the number of iterations VQ. set of queries {qJ known relevant to d  , using a schedule q~  , v~ and leading to improved estimates for WV& It is found that results are sensitive to these learning schedules. b With the learned mapping matrices W q and W v   , queries and images are projected into this latent subspace and then the distance in the latent subspace is directly taken as the relevance of query-image. a Latent subspace learning between textual query and visual image: click-through-based cross-view learning by simultaneously minimizing the distance between the query and image mappings in the latent subspace weighted by their clicks and preserving the inherent structure in each original feature space. Although it takes long time to converge  , the learning method can find a sequence of feasible actions for the robot to take. When models are incorrect  , a local optimal policy may be planned which will affect the exploration in the environment  , because the agent may attempt to exploit the planned greedy policy as using non-active exploration action selector. The benefit is that it is much safer to incrementally add highly informative but strongly correlated features such as exact phrase match  , match with and without stemming  , etc. associated with each query q  , as is standard in learning to rank 21. However  , this feature was quite noisy and sparse  , particularly for URLs with query parameters e.g. , http://searchmsn n.com/results.aspx ?q=machine+learning&form=QBHP. For each URL in our train and test sets  , we provided a feature to fRank which was how many times it had been visited by a toolbar user. In order to figure out how many steps are needed to converge the Q-learning  , we use O  k  state space and simplify the convergence such that the value of the action value function in each state converges if it is updated from the initial value 0. In LEM  , however  , the robot wanders around the field crossing over the states easy to achieve the goal even if we initially place it at such states. In the task decomposition approach  5    , the Q-learning is closed inside each subtask. In this paper  , the use of Q-learning as a role-switching mechanism in a foraging task is studied. The challenge from a robotics perspective is to determine when role switching is advantageous to the team  , versus remaining in their current roles. Martinson et a1 13  , worked with even higher levels of abstraction  , to coordinate high-level behavioral assemblages in their robots to learn finite state automata in an intercept scenario. Their robot used Q-learning to learn how to push boxes around a room without gening stuck. It takes the agent many steps to find a good path  , especially in the initial trials. We now propose three learning methods  , with each corresponding to opimizing a specific inverse hypothesis test. After training  , the learned w and the resulting test statistic δ w q ,C ,C  will be applied to new pairs of retrieval functions h test   , h test  of yet unkown relative retrieval quality. The results in Table 1show that the PI-based grasp controller performs remarkably well under the experimental conditions. State space should include necessary and sufficient information to achieve the given goal while it should be compact because Q-learning time can be expected exponential in the size of the state space 21 . Totally  , we have 1327 states in the state space If perfect models are not available  , the heuristic search and A*-based methods are able to find good solutions while requiring an order of magnitude less data than Q-Learning approaches. The techniques that do not attempt to create explicit models must run thousands of iterations on the true robot to find policies. Therefore  , our push-boxto-goal task is made to involve following three suhtask; A the robot needs to find the potential boxsearchTarget1 and approach to the boxapproach Also  , the robot needs to find the pathway to the goalsearchTarget2. C. Classifiers in contention For multi-class problems  , a concept referred to as " classifiers in contention " the classifiers most likely to be affected by choosing an example for active learning is introduced in 15. Denote the top two classes with highest probability values for the distributions P and Q to be c 1 In Section 1 we discussed the challenges of learning and evaluation in the presence of noisy ground truth and sparse features. Hence  , the advertisability i.e. , the probability of the ads displayed for query q to be clicked can be written as: The example x is then labelled with the class y  , the newly labelled example x  , y is temporarily inserted into the training set  , and then its class and class probability distribution Q are newly predicted. Briefly sketched  , an unlabelled example x is predicted a class y and respective class probability distribution P by the given machine learning classifier. In the context of the appearance-based approach  , the mapspace X into action space Y remains a nontrivial problem in machine learning  , particularly in incremental and realtime formulations. Each internal node has q children  , and each child is associated with a discriminating function: For a more detailed discussion of Q-learning  , the reader is referred to 7 ,17 It can be proven 17 that this formula converges if each action is executed in each state an infinite number of times and a is decayed appropriately. More specifically  , each learning iteration has the following structure: Let us elaborate on some of the steps. The "empirical" rewards obtained in the simulation are used to update the expected value of taking the action -in other words to update the current approxi­ mation Q. Using the translation probabilities introduced in the previous subsection  , we can now define a probabilistic measurement for the overall coherence for a query q s   , i.e. , The key of this learning procedure is to first define the overall coherence for a query  , and then efficiently identify the set of translation probabilities that maximizes the overall coherence measurement. As more domain knowledge used to guide the search  , less real data and planning steps are required. After learning  , all motor primitive formulations manage to reproduce the movements accurately from the training example for the same target velocity and cannot be distinguished. This set of differential equations has the same time conHere  , an artificial training example i.e. , q = 2t 2 + cos4tπ − 1 is generated. We have also implemented alur regionbased Q-learning method  Since the TCP/IP protocol is basically used for the execution-level communication  , t hLe control architecture implemented on the central conitroller has been easily tested and modified by connecting with the graphic simulator before the real application to the humanoid robot. The remainder of this article is structured as follows: In the next section  , we describe our method to automatically quantize the sensor spaces. Note  , partial bindings  , which come from the same input  , have the same set of unevaluated triple patterns. Distributions for random variables X s Q u b may be obtained by learning a score distribution P X s i  for each join input i. These feature values are then used by a ranking model calculated via Learning To Rank to provide an ordered list of vocabulary terms. Subsequently  , TermPicker calculates various feature values for each candidate x in conjunction with the query-SLP slp q . For example  , an LS for a lecture by Professor PG's on hydraulic geometric lesson would contain collections that foster student understanding of basic concepts such as w  , d  , v  , and Q and enable hypothesis testing concerning relations among them. Instructors select materials useful for promoting learning while students use them to learn. Furthermore  , LSs can be customized by teachers or learners  , and may include tools to promote learning. The learning threshold E l in our simulation study is also chosen concerning the characteristics of the sequential data sets and locates in the range 0.05  , 0.5. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q When the agent finds that staying at a state s will bring higher utility than taking any actions from that state  , it should stop taking any actions wisely. One solution was to provide an additional feature which was the number of times any URL at the given domain was visited by a toolbar user. systems like Watson 11  , or generally systems whose task is to retrieve a list of objective facts that conclusively answer a query. They showed empirically the convergence of Q-learning in that case. b represents the numbero f states explored and the trial  , in which an equilibrium was found  , as a functions of the initial value of α. games with the opponent modeling via fictitious play. Kivinen and Warmuth focus on deriving upper bounds on the error of WH and EG for various settings of the learning rate q. Kivinen and Warmuth Kivinen & Warmuth  , 1994 study in detail the theoretical behavior of EG and WH  , building on previous work Cesa-Bianchi et al. , 1993; Widrow & Stearns  , 1985. LambdaMART 30 is a state-of-the-art learning to rank technique  , which won the 2011 Yahoo! Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In such a way  , knowledge of RR contained in the skill could be extended to the arbitrary path that belongs to the learning domain. The value of parameter CT at ET ll& along with SP s = s determines RR for the path point Qu ,. To demonstrate the efficacy of the modified cost function  , a 9-8-1 feedforward ANN is used. Similar to 171  , in order for the control method to be effective  , the ANN learning rate  , and the error coefficients Q  , R  , and S must be carefully tuned. So without prior knowledge  , efficient search  , compare to trial and error   , is possible. In QDSEGA  , Q-learning is applied to a small subset of exploration space to acquire some knowledge ofa task  , and then the subset of exploration space is restructured utilizing the acquired knowledge  , and by repeating this cycle  , effective subset and effective policy in the subset is acquired. The robot has been also trained to overcome an obstacle in the direction of the goal obtaining analogous results initializing also in this case randomly the Q-function. Each lesson lasts a few seconds  , so a complete learning session should last few minutes  , allowing the robot to quickly set-up each time the operative conditions change. Thus the learning rate must balance the agenL's need to unlearn incorrect old informa­ tion  , while preserving old information which was correct. It must drop the left Q-value of .9 all the way down to say .119  , while moving the 0 up to .5. First  , we hope to demonstrate that the complexity problems usually associated with Q-learning 17 in complex scenarios can be overcome by using role-switching. with no inter-robot communication  , learns when to switch  , and what role to switch to  , given the perceptual state of the world. With RL D-k it is not necessary to adjust the transition time such as in Q-learning to get an optimal behaviour of the vehicle. As we can see  , the best result is provided by RL D-2 99.31%  , 20.09 sec. Moreover  , the transition time is not known in advance and it should not be fixed in the entire state space  , especially in complex dynamic systems. When all of the utility values are stored in distinct memories as a table  , the number of spaces to be filled in will soon swell up as the dimension of stateaction space increases . A learning method which optimizes for accuracy would choose h2 since that results in a higher accuracy score  , but this yields a suboptimal MAP score. Similarly  , with h2q  , a threshold between documents 5 and 6 gives 3 errors documents 10-11 incorrectly classified as relevant  , and document 1 as non-relevant  , yielding an accuracy of 0.73. The learned parameter can be then used to estimate the relevance probability P s|q k  for any particular aspect of a new user query. Learning the combination weight w can be conducted by maximizing the log-likelihood function using the iterative reweighted least squares method. The system achieves a good convergence in all the runs  , with a dramatic increase over the poor performance of the system based on current sensor information Fig. Lee 9   , using a rule learning program   , generated rules that predict the current system call based on a window of previous system calls. f f r e q rulesets classify connections in order of increasing frequency followed by normal  , with a default clasrithm that updates the stored sequences and used data from UNIX shell commands. As a second illustration of the use of web projections  , we explore the learning of models to predict users' reformulation behavior and characteristics. Given a transition from query qs to query q d   , predict whether it is a specialization or generalization. Suppose that we want the learning to optimize the ranking function for an evaluation score S. S can be a listwise ranking score  , e.g. where vq is a query  , and v d 1 and v d 2 are two documents to be ranked with respect to v q . We will characterize solutions to the problem in terms of their susceptibility to privacy breaches by the types of adversaries described here. Just as important as ensuring correct output for a query q is the requirement of preventing an adversary from learning what one or more providers may be sharing without obtaining proper access rights. We can see that the above learning model depends exclusively on the corresponding feature space of the specific type of instances  , i.e. ,answers  , questions or users. where y ∈ {0  , 1} are the label of instance vector x; X denotes the any of U  , Q or A  , which corresponds to the type of instance x. Previous work 4  , 9  , 12 has shown the advantage of using a learning to rank approach over using heuristic rules  , especially when there are multiple evidences of ranking to be considered. Given page p and its candidate query set Sp = {q The TREC Q/A track is designed to take a step closer to information retrieval rather than document retrieval. In this section  , we introduce our method in learning topic models from training data collections. 5  , in our proposed ranking framework  , the relevance between a document and a query can be delegated to the problem of evaluating the topical likelihood given a document ptj|d or a query ptj|q  , which relies on the topic model defined in Definition 3. Experimentrdly we find that a=l and f3=0.7 lead to good results. New connections may now grow between these highly activated nodes and the query q  , under consideration Fig.3Once rti is known in Eqn  , 12  , Ww is defined as in Eqn.5 using stored values of Sw These are one-step Hebbian learning Hebb49 equations. We target a situation where partial relevance assessments are available on the initial ranking  , for example in the top 10. We extend this approach by an additional step; we refer to the learning-to-rank model which is trained across all queries Q1  , ..  , Q k  as the initial retrieval model M0 and the induced ranking for the test query as initial ranking. Therefore  , the overall unified hash functions learning step can be very efficient. After the sparse codes for all training data are obtained  , an eigensystem of a small matrix Q ∈ R K×K is solved in OK 3  time to obtain the projection matrix W and corresponding hash functions. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by This relevance score is used to rank the documents in the retrieval corpus. Given a query q  , our goal is to maximise the diversity of the retrieved documents with respect to the aspects underlying this query. In this work  , we propose a supervised learning approach for estimating the appropriateness of multiple intent-aware retrieval models for each query aspect. Additional simulations with relatively small damping terms were found to converge  , however  , the resulting tip motion had large overshoot and prolonged oscillation. If model damping terms are set to zero and S=O  , a combination of values for Q  , R  , and the ANN learning parameter that allow the controller of 1 7 1 to converge could not be found. By using our proposed system  , an mobile robot autonomously acquires the fine behaviors how to move to the goal avoiding moving multiobstacles using the steering and velocity control inputs  , simultaneously. We propose a new action selection t e c h q u e for moving multiobstacles avoidance using hierarchical fuzzy rules  , fuzzy evaluation system and learning automata through the interaction with the real world. Instead of starting from scratch  , work by Mahadevan and Connell  l l  exploited the success of already developed primitive behaviors to learn a task. In the second stage  , the robot makes use of the learned Q values to effectively leam the behaviour coordination mechanism. These experiences can then lead the robot to explore interesting areas in the solution space rather than randomly searching without any experiences at the early stage of learning. The temperature is reduced gradual­ ly from 1.0 to 0.01 according to the progress of the learnillg as showll ill patterns. Since feature patches are not necessarily fixed over the problem space  , each individual synapse can be affected by a multitude of input values per data example q = 1 ,2 ,. . That is  , special learning provisions must be madle for the movable feature patch. Due to the low detection ratios  , Q-learning did not always converge to the correct basket. The rewards associated to each executed action were computed based on the class assigned by the classifier: −1 for large errors  , −0.5 for small errors  , and +1 for correct actions. To rank the relevance  , we use the learning to rank technique  , which was successfully used in TREC 2011&2012 Microblog Track. Given a query Q and a tweet D  , the relevance í µí± í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±í µí±  , í µí°· can be computed as follows: The information and operations accessible through each role searcher  , provider  , indexer can be used to facilitate different types of breaches. The model consists of a set of states  , which represent the states of the application  , and a set of state transitions labeled with the names of the actions that trigger the transitions. According to Q-learning  , when the agent executes an action  , it assigns the action a reward that indicates its immediate utility in that state according to the objective of the agent. However  , the fixed policy is better than the trajectories found by table-based Q- learning. The policy is clearly sub-optimal because it does not try to raise the Acrobot's endpoint above the goal height directly once sufficient energy has been pumped into the system. Of course  , in this particular case all configuration are possible  , but we trained the Q-learning to use this configuration exclusively on the flat terrain since it provides the best observation conditions i.e. The most suitable configuration is the V-shape. flippers do not cause occlusions in the scene sensed by the laser and the omnidirectional camera. We show the feasibility of our proposed system with experimental results. A chunk of training data containing K 0 observations will be used to initialize the system  , achieving the initial hidden layer matrix H 0   , the initial output weight matrix Q As the cognitive component of McFELM is based on OS- ELM  , our proposed method also contains two phases  , namely the initialization phase and sequential learning phase. In the previous section  , we defined the query representation using a hypergraph H = V  , E. In this section  , we define a global function over this hypergraph  , which assigns a relevance score to document D in response to query Q. A factor graph  , a form of hypergraph representation which is often used in statistical machine learning 6  , associates a factor φe with a hyperedge e ∈ E. Therefore  , most generally  , a relevance score of document D in response to query Q represented by a hypergraph H is given by Our objective is to learn a reranking function f : R d → R such that f x q ,i  provides a numerical estimate of the final relevancy of document i for query q  , where i is one of the pages in the list r retrieved by S. In order to avoid the computational cost of training the reranker at query-time  , we learn a query-independent function f : this function is trained only once during an offline training stage  , using a large collection of labeled training examples for many different queries. We denote with θ the learning parameters of the function Although the real experiments are encouraging  , still we have a gap between the computer simulation and the real system. The state-action deviation problem due to the p e d i a r i t y of the visual information is pointed out as one of the perceptual aliasing problem in applying Q-learning to real robot tasks  , and we cnnstructed an action space to cope with this problem. With the features obtained from the images and the differences between the real and estimated robot pose  , two data files have been built to study the problem and obtain the classifier using machine learning techniques 3 . The nominal quality value has to be transformed into a continuous value to be used inside the update phase to represent the quality of the image Qz  , and its value is between 0 and 2. To verify the robustness of our approach to modeling inaccuracy and parameter perturbation  , simulations under four different situations have been carried out: a changc in2 to 1.5m2 ; b change m2 to 2m2 ; c change in2 to 1.5m2   , and add friction torques FICI  , d=20&  , F2q  , 4=20Ci2  , F3q9 4=20&; d changed m2 to 2m2   , with the same friction torques as c. Note that LambdaRank learns on triplets  , as before  , but now only those triplets that produce a non-zero change in S by swapping the positions of the documents contribute to the learning. |ΔS| is the absolute difference in the value of S due to swapping the positions of v d 1 and v d 2 in the ordering of all documents  , with respect to v q   , computed by the current ranking function. The basic assumption of our proposed Joint Relevance Freshness Learning JRFL model is that a user's overall impression assessment by combining relevance and freshness for the clicked URLs should be higher than the non-clicked ones  , and such a combination is specific to the issued query. In addition  , we denote α Q n as the relative emphasis on freshness aspect estimated by the query model fQ Adjusting the quality mapping f i : Q H G to the characteristics of the gripper and the target objects  , and learning where to grasp the target objects by storing successful grasping configurations  , are done on-line  , while the system performs grasping trials. A smooth relationship also holds between the moment arm estimated by the distance d and the torque that rotates the object around the grasping line. We should note that all those complex tasks cannot be identified by the straight-forward Rule-Q wcc baseline  , so that the newly defined task coverage metric measures how well the learning methods can generalize from the weak supervision . All the models are trained on the rest 6192 unannotated users with weak supervision  , and the experimental results are list in Table 8  , where we used sign-test for validating the improvement over the baselines. Formally  , the win-loss results of all two-player competitions generated from the thread q with the asker a  , the best answerer b and non-best answerer set S can be represented as the following set: Hence  , the problem of estimating the relative expert levels of users can be deduced to the problem of learning the relative skills of players from the win-loss results of generated two-player competitions. It is designed for complicated systems with large actionstate space like a robot with many redundant degrees of freedom. In the learning phase of the proposed methodology  , the QA corpora is used to train two topic models Sect. The task of similar question retrieval implies ranking the pairs contained in the QA Corpora C according to their similarity to a query question q *   , producing a partially ordered set C such that its first element has the highest similarity the top  , say  , ten elements of which can then be returned as suggestions. Our starting point is the following intuition  , based upon the observation that hashtags tend to represent a topic in the Twitter domain: From tweets T h associated with a hashtag h  , select a subset of tweets R h ⊆ T h that are relevant to an unknown query q h related to h. We build on this intuition for creating a training set for microblog rankers. This gives us the opportunity to compare what yields better learning to rank performance: training on the 2011 relevance assessments  , or training on automatically generated ground truth ? We also found that there are actually simple BLOG-specific factoid questions that are notoriously difficult to answer using state of the art Q&A technology. Our main finding is that our approach based on cascaded language model based information retrieval followed by answer extraction using machine-learning does not decrease  , but remains competitive  , if instead of a news-only corpus like AQUAINT2  , an additional corpus of blog posts BLOG06 is used in a setting where some of the answers occur only in the blogs. Therefore the final gradient λ new a of a document a within the objective function is obtained over all pairs of documents that a participates in for query q: In general  , for our purposes 2   , it is sufficient to state that LambdaMART's objective function is based upon the product of two components: i the derivative of a crossentropy that originates from the RankNet learning to rank technique 3 calculated between the scores of two documents a and b  , and ii the absolute change ∆M in an evaluation measure M due to the swapping of documents a and b 4. On the other hand  , " how-to " questions 35 also referred to as " how-to-do-it " questions 10 are the most frequent question type on the popular Question and Answer Q&A site Stack Overflow  , and the answers to these questions have the potential to complement API documentation in terms of concepts  , purpose  , usage scenarios  , and code examples. Some of the most severe obstacles faced by developers learning a new API are related to its documentation 32  , in particular because of scarce information about the API's design  , rationale 31  , usage scenarios  , and code examples 32. In this year's task  , the summary is operationalized by a list of non-redundant  , chronologically ordered tweets that occur before time t. In the ad hoc search  , we apply a learning to rank framework with the help of the official API. Tweet Timeline Generation TTG is a new task for this year's Microblog track with a putative user model as follows: " I have an information need expressed by a query Q at time t and I would like a summary that captures relevant information. " Exploration is forced by initializing the Q function to zero and having a one step cost In order to explore the effect of changing the goal during learning and to assess transfer from one learned task to another  , we changed the one step reward function after trial 100 to Figure 2: Also  , terminating trials when a "goal" is reached artificially simplifies the task if it is non-trivial to maintain the system at the goal  , as it is in the inverted pendulum case where the pendulum must be actively balanced near the goal state. From the last row in Table 6  , we can clearly see that compared with the text-only baseline  , all regularization methods can learn a better weight vector w that captures more accurately the importance of textual features for predicting the true quality on the held-out set. More specifically  , after learning a quality prediction function Q using 10% of the training data  , we apply it to the remaining 90% of the training data  , by multiplying the learned weight vector w with the text feature vectors of the held-out reviews. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. , in terms of purity and precision. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While LIB uses binary term occurrence to estimate least information a document carries in the term  , LIF measures the amount of least information based on term frequency. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. In all experiments on the four benchmark collections  , top mance scores were achieved among the proposed methods. In addition  , whereas KL is infinite given extreme probabilities e.g. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Hence  , it helped improve precision-oriented effectiveness. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Dynamic programming. 5. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. Note that value iteration can be considered as a form of Dynamic Programming. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. S! " The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. The controller is based on the real-time dynamic programming technique of Barto  , Bradtke & Singh 1994 . 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. dynamic programming  , greedy  , simulated annealing  , hill climbing and iterative improvement techniques 22. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . is NP-complete. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. Kumar et al. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. Yan et al. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Fagin et al. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . 3. We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. We repeat iterative step s times. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. Fig. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. Second  , the system is extensible. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. One final extension is required. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. by using dynamic programming. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  ! A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. Edit distance. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. Consider an optimization problem with is developed1. To e:ffectively handle integer variables and operation precedence with each part  , neural dynamic programming NDI ? However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. 6 and 7. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. These interactions are the estimated essential interactions. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Then the probability is represented by the following recursive form: For more details  , see 3. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . Thus  , a recurrence relation can be established as There are multiple ways to form intervals. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . The solution methodoIogy is presented next. Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1. Both problems are solved optimally in tree structures using dynamic programming DP.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The use of style classes Section 7. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. Such feature can be It expands from the initial states  , until a goal state is reached. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. Many solution approaches have been employed to solve this problem with reasonable computational effort. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. Dynamic world model information is represented in an unified form of objectlattributelvalue description. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. In other words  , the implicit approach improves programming scalability. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. Scaling up this approach to manage change in large systems written in complex programming languages is still an open research problem. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. Then we develop two more heuristics based on a dynamic programming approach and a quadratic programming approach. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. We employ a traditional dynamic programming based approach where the LCS length between two input strings LSQ1.m and LST 1.n is computed by finding the LCS lengths for all possible prefix combinations of LSQ and LST . Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. Dynamic programming 17 has been applied to melodic comparison 3  , 7 and has become a standard technique in music information retrieval. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. If both the environment and the target trajectory are completely known  , optimal target following strategies can be computed through dynamic programming 12  , though the high computational cost is high. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. Solving for the best alignment between two sequences can be done efficiently with dynamic programming  , using the same procedure that is used to compute string edit distance . A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. It is integrated with a conventional dynamic-programming query optimizer 21  , which controls the order in which subsets are evaluated and uses cost information and intermediate results to prune the search space. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Their approach is to reduce this optimization problem to a dynamic programming recurrence which is solved in Θm 3  time and Θm 2  space  , where m is the input size. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. Moreover the total frequency has a good property for the dynamic programming strategy. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. Second  , JavaScript is a dynamic programming language  , this means we must consider not only changes to existing object properties but also the dynamic addition of proper- ties. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. Moreover  , such specifications allow for replacement of sensors and dynamic reconfiguration by simply having the selecfor send messages to different objects. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. 6 can be solved in On time through dynamic pro- gramming 5. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. Complets A fundamental issue in dynamic layout support is the granularity of the minimal relocatable entity. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. We heuristically limit our search space to include only left-deep evaluation plans for structural joins. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. The decomposition uses a combination of heuristic and dynamic programming strategies. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. It uses dynamic programming to compute optimal alignment between two sequences of characters. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. STARS STrategy Alternative Rules are used in the optimizer to describe possible execution plans for a query. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. However. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. They tried to solve optimization problem for energy minimization by a variational approach. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. This problem can be formulated as finding longest common subsequence LCS. This application was built using the C programming language. The dynamic queries interface Figure 2 provides a visualization of both the query formulation and corresponding results. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. Otherwise  , a more cost-efficient solution would be to use all available sensors and multi-sensor fusion techniques. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. 5–6  , green. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. The vector consists of sensor data. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. These scores were used to rank each potential block of size n starting at each position in the text. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Segment t24 ranking takes approximately 0.05 seconds for set 1. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. We use the expected result size as the cost factor of sub-queries. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . For comparison  , 3 only counts words in the segmentation with the highest likelihood. The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. A plan monitor mediates for route generation and replanning. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. Jagadish et al. Since a given table In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. Thus  , the existing approaches can not be directly applied to discretization for maximizing the parameterized goodness function. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. We have implemented this approach within ACE and are exploring the time-space tradeoffs. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. For i < j  , we can calculate its value with dynamic programming. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. Section 4 presents our conclusions and future work. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. The buckets formed are stored in Bktsi  , j. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. A dynamic-programming technique 14 can find the minimum in polynomial time  , but computational efficiency is still an issue. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. This cycle is repeated until the path is adequately refined. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. More will be said about this later. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Our DP optimizer is  , for the most part  , a atraightforward implementation of dynamic programming 14. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Approximate solutions can be found by adjoining the constraints with a penalty function 13. In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. In Section 2  , we relate our contribution to previous work in motion planning. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. using a dynamic programming approach. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. , wk such that n pWi is maximized  , where pwi is the probability of word wi. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Yang et al. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. This is accomplished as follows. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. Informally speaking  , a sequence alignment is a way of arranging sequences to emphasize their regions of similarity. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. Notice  , we do not make any assumptions about the shape of the function Θ·  , ·. But these approaches are hard to implement and to maintain. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. Construction of SSI-HIST completes within one minute. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. An additional fuzzy string matching technique based on dynamic programming D-measure was applied to double-check the 269 documents. By varying this estimated note length  , we check for patterns of equally spaced intervals between dominant onsets On. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. 4  , we describe how the synchronization results are integrated into our SyncPlayer system. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. 2B. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. Kinematics modeling plays an important role in robot programming and control. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. Each control U represents a possible action of the manipulators. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. Table 11describes the results of our numerical simulations. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. We select the valid subset which scores the highest as the final segmentation. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. where   , | |-is the substring of from position π. Pos to | |. It provides a software toolkit for construction of mobileaware applications. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. For this example  , both MDLH-Greedy and MDLH-Dynamic compute sub-optimal solutions. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. Subsets are identified by dynamic programming. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. Tassa et al.   , we must compute the best recovery action. To compute the recovery motions efficiently we use a discrete form of the problem  , and make use of dynamic programming techniques. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. The approaches differ in what the GP is modelling. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. In this way we always aim at the neighbouring cell with the best worst-outcome. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. Finally  , in Section 5  , we summarize our work. The demonstration data consists of various signals. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Therefore  , DTW is a good measure for similarity matching of sensing time series. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. This is because the optimal choice for Q i→a is irrelevant to the one for Q i.e. Set of intervals is formed by taking all pairs of split points. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. The double exponential complexity makes this solution infeasible even for very small DNFs. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . with PPR But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. Therefore  , unrestricted DSU is standard in many dynamic programming languages. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . See 25 for more details. Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Clearly  , we want to enumerate every pair once and only once. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. Section 3.1 gives a high-level description of our general dynamic programming approach. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. , i d   , in all combinations that add up to B buckets . Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. would like to discuss some important characteristics of melodic search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. For Chinese news  , word segmentation and stop-word removal are applied. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We hope to speed up the current method with the current hardware configuration. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. In SI Presman et al. This report is organized as follows. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. Recall from the previous example that the dynamic programming solution for region e  , 11 is not optimal because it is not capable of picking a combination of rows and columns i.e. , e  , 6  , e  , 8 and a  , 11. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. In the second step  , the dynamic programming procedure finds in which interval  , a successor operation 0 z z of job J z such a s s 5 z 5 n  , can be started without delay i.e. , J ,-and JZ are performed in parallel. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. 3illustrates the variation of the redundancy parameter as a function of the time for the three stationary solutions corresponding to z 1   , z 2 and z 3 and the optimal solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. And while much progress has been made on the development of new and more capable mechanisms  , there has been only minimal progress at providing new paradigms for programming or instructing these mechanisms. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. There are problems  , however  , with this idea of treating web pages as object code that can only be manipulated using high level programming tools. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. By software  , we mean software written in programming languages  , such as C  , C + + or Java  , and of realistic size  , i.e. , possibly hundreds of thousands lines of code. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. Also at runtime  , rules are basically compiled OzC code which allows for efhcient evaluation of conditions and execution of actions. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. Motion description language MDL was first developed as a setting for robot programming in 41 ,31 ,5. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. In contrast to programming  , efficiency is not a major concern  , but security and provability have to be emphasized  , even at the cost of flexibility. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. WORK This paper proposes a new dimension of flexibility for the architects of large-scale distributed systems -the ability to program dynamic layout policies separately from the application's logic. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. HaskellDB is also similar to the language extensions mentioned above and therefore lacks support for dynamic SQL statements. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. An additional dimension of support for dynamic layout programming is enabled with the monitoring information supplied by the Core. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. The focus is on the mission programming level for robotic systems operating in a dynamic environment. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. However  , since models of the dynamic behavior of complex machines are complex  , too  , we use a pictograph representation to abbreviate our models. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. Dynamic load balancing strategies can be important for meeting timeliness requirements under changing workloads  , while also providing a natural scaling plan as environmental events become more numerous and more frequent. FarGo is implemented and available for download and experimentation in http://www.dsg.technion.ac.il/fargo. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. It provides two APIs: the internal API  , used mainly by the interpreter and the dynamic compiler to automate the interaction with the isolation engine  , and the external API  , exposed to expert programmers as a package written in the Java programming language. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. The definition of modules which themselves contain other modules is a useful construct m traditional programming languages and seems appropriate here. This complexity arises from three main sources. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. Experimentally this proved to be effective and allows the dynamic programming procedure to find the optimal solution within around 3 minutes on our largest datasets. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. Person.name. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. Most engines provide only  , admittedly useful and convenient  , organization of dynamic pages at the cost of learning a new programming language or tool. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. In 6  , a multiple alignment method is proposed using multidimensional dynamic programming. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. Using a high-level scripting language as means for monitoring-based layout programming   , adds another dimension of dynamicity. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Combined with the intensity measure  , these features point to a more temporally structured query. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. However  , only joint trajectories far from these limits will be considered for comparison purposes. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. One avenue for future research lies with the path planner . Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. The working principle of the deterministic crossover operator is based on the operation of forward dynamic programming . In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Although operators must still design a survey template  , they are freed from the responsibility of specifying a survey location. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. From this state all possible actions are evaluated using in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. The path is computed using dynamic programming with a cost function that is proportional to path lengthes and to the potential along the paths. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. Future work is to experiment with other heuristics like the Dubins car model. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. This can in fact be seen as a particular instance of the principle of Dynamic Programming which is used in this paper. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. Dynamic programming DP 2 is a good candidate to solve the optimal maneuver of robot players in a football game. Then the action at each state is a robot's maneuver such forward move  , turning rights and so forth. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. three-dimensional  , eight degree of freedom model was studied by Yamaguchi and Zajac. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. In other words  , both cases need to have kinematic constraints based on demonstrations. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. each possible sequence of topic breaks  , was considered to find the one that maximized the total score. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. For the examples that we present in this paper  , the computation times vary from about one minute to a few hours  , on a SPARC 10 workstation. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. Dynamic programming DP is one well known technique for finding the best route to a goal. The implementation of the cost-based placement strategy is integrated with the planning phase of the optimizer. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. This dataset  , a dynamic entity available pubficly on the web l  , presently contains several thousand individual FAQ documents  , totalling hundreds of megabytes. Vukobratovic and Kircanski 34  , Shin and McKay 30 and Singh and Leu 31 each present methods for optimizing energy or timelenergy performance criteria along specified paths is space. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. The resolution of this problem by classic optimization methods is not foreseeable in the general case due to the fact of the considerable increase of the complexity of the problem to optimize. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. The determination of the preferred point correspondence is considered as an optimization problem and is solved by employing a dynamic programming technique. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. When the evaluation function is cumulative  12  , 81  , that is  , takes the form of a sum  , the combinations can be checked in quadratic time using dynamic programming . In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. , Pj i vi  , with the constraint that j1 + · · · + ji = j. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. Define Wv  , P  , Q as the largest value of W for which the value of the game with initial priors P and Q  , is positive. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Additional controls support conditional flow  , dynamic type checking  , synchronisation  , iteration etc. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. For a more detailed discussion  , see 12. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Most programs written in procedural programming languages fall into this category. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. In contrast  , in our phonetic matching problem  , the matching similarity can take any value between 0 and 1. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. Mardy and Dar- wish 12 provide results for the OCR of Arabic text  , using confusion matrices based on training data from the Arabic documents. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . The proposed dual-robot assembly station has several features which require more intelligent programming for operation. The design of an application simulation is done as follows. UsingRHOMEo we have realized a tool allowing a graphical dynamic simulation of a real control and programming system  , dealing with a variety of robotics applications. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . To compute AP   , we assume that the retrieved rank of a silver bullet is uniformly distributed between 1 and n i.e. Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. The lower pair of numbers a  , b represents the result of the optimal bit assignment. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. This paper looks at the problem of multi-join optimization for SMPe. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. Experimental results show that  , while dynamic programming produces the best plans  , the simple heuristics often do nearly as well. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. A normal dynamic-programming enumerator fires rules to generate all possible alternative execution plans for a query. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. On the other hand  , a Dynamic Programming DP strategy St:79 builds PTs by I~reatltMirst. , keeping all incomplete PTs that are likely to yield an opiimal solution. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. , Rn−1}  , including the set itself. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. Once entry Ei  , · · ·  has been used to compute all the entries for node i 2   , it can be garbage-collected. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. types of dynamic programming  eg search in a state space can be used to compute minimum-time motion trajectories. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. Alignment is based on energy minimization 8 or dynamic programming 9. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. The travel space together with a dynamic programming technique has the advantages of both  , local and global strategies: robustness and completeness. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The obtained coordination curve is used to design the velocity profile for each robot so that collisions are avoided. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. Figure 3shows the block diagram of the discrete event control structure. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . An important factor for topic segmentation is the performance of each component of the system. This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. In Section 2.2  , we propose to use SV M struct for sequence active learning. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. In general it is an intractable task to enumerate all possible y. structure. While dynamic programming enables reasonably efficient inference   , it results in computationally expensive learning  , as optimization of the objective function during learning is an iterative procedure which runs complete inference over the current model at each iteration. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. When we tried disallowing nested matches or using dynamic programming to find the highest-confidence non-overlapping matches  , the results were not as good. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. For the rest of this paper  , we will use this similarity definition. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. hostname based is advisable. All these benefits are derived from the intensive use of generative pro- gramming. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. Currently programming is done in terms of files. If the user cites a class  , the appropriate dynamic document could include the OMT diagram for the class  , its documentation  , and the header file and method bodies that implement the class. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. As a dynamic weaklytyped language  , JavaScript is easy to understand and write with minimal programming experience. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Query languages may also be embedded into programming languages 2 . Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. For many applications  , however  , trajectories are updated continuously . Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. Unfortunately  , the 0/1 Knapsack Problem is known to be NP-Complete 10. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Various programming logics have been used  , such as Hoare Logic  101  , Dynamic Logic 4  , and Boyer-Moore Logic 23. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. Re~ulta were collected for bushy  , deep  , left-deep  , and right-deep trees using both dynamic programming and heurietice. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. We relax this restriction and allow the alignment to a paragraphs in the near past within 5% of the total number of paragraphs. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. An optimal partition can be computed in Θn 2  time and space by solving a variant of dynamic programming recurrence introduced in 4 . In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. Section 3 presents our proposed method  , which contains the sentence similarity measure  , distance matrix construction   , document-dependent stop words computation  , application of anisotropic diffusion method  , and the customized dynamic programming technique. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. The distance proposed by Lerdahl 6 is used to compute costs between different chord candidates. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . The implementation of the system is in WP0bject Oriented programming with C++ under WINDOWS that allows multi-tasking . Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. In this way  , the operation becomes a combinatorial optimization problem which can be solved by dynamic programming 21  , 22. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. We consider a special class of nonserial manufacturing system shown in figure 2. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. This produces a large number of cells which results in an adjacency graph with many nodes. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. This Web-based application provides a number of match modes including approximate matching for " interval and rhythm " and " contour and rhythm " . The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . where t j is free  , see for example 2  , 4  , 5  , 81 . At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . These constraints are used to guide the correspondence towards the most probable scanline match using a dynamic programming scheme 8. Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". It is then clear that any "blind" numerical method -as Dynamic Programming   , Shooting or Penalty Functions method -will be of great complexity. The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. This cost function is used by the dynamic programming search; a typical path for the Museum of American History took under lOOms to compute. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. Departing from the dynamic programming framework also frees the approach proposed in this paper from requiring a specified initial and goal configuration. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. We call this version of the planner Progressive Variational Dynamic Programming PVDP. In Section 5  , we present experimental results illustrating the capabilities of the implemented planners. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. The DTW distance between two sequences is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. We define the problem of subset selection in hierarchical clusters: choose a set of disjoint clusters that have exactly or at least k vertices. Variants of the problem include constraining the number of clusters instead of the number of vertices  , or constraining both of them. The DTW distance between time series is the sum of distances of their corresponding elements. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. All their implementations are from Weka 3 40. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. Connecting two components can be achieved by creating and compiling suitable glue code in the original programming language. With an affine gap model  , a k-length gap contributes −b − k − 1 * c to the alignment score. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. , see 7  , 18 and references therein and many approaches have been proposed for its solution. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. Recall that  , to check whether a release candidate is safe  , we maximize the breach probability. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. Next  , the first and second phases must be modified to generate alternative plans with Cache operators. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. For any price p  , the expected remaining revenue is: Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. In programming  , you make precise what a computer should do. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. However  , the exponential complexity of dynamic programming may limit the optimizer to queries that involve not more than 15 relations. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Recall that  , here  , dynamic programming ie only an expensive heuristic. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Since Garlic is a distributed system  , bushy plans are particularly efficient in many situations. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. This list determines for which subtrees a nearly optimal partitioning has to be used. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. In this paper  , we focus on merely improving its performance when using general heuristics especially those not computed by dynamic programming. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Finally  , some concluding remarks are given in Section 5 . Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Similarly  , in  3    , Ferbach and Barraquand introduce a practical approach to this manipulation planning problem using the method of variational dynamic programming. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. The figure of merit FOM for a route i s calculated from the cost matrix by dynamic programming. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The computational steps for the two cases are listed below: Case 1 no alignment: For each document d: The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. There is one Map instance for each ExprXlass in the logical search space. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. The DTW distance is computed by dynamic programming with a matrix as shown in Figure 1b. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. 3. An ARX application is a dynamic link library DLL that shares AutoCAD's address space and makes direct function calls to AutoCAD. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. The performance of the AI approaches depends on how much problem-specific knowledge is acquired and to what extent expert knowledge is available for a specific problem. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. Collision-free path planning is one of the fundamental requirements for task oriented robot programming. An application which distinguishes itself clearly from the stationary method is described by /Linden 86/ for the Autonomous Land Vehicle ALV. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. More sophisticated cost functions  , be it for graph search methods or for dynamic programming can be used . We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. In short  , incoming depth maps are projected onto a polar grid on the ground and are fused with the integrated and transformed map from the previous frames. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. Usual combinatorial optimization techniques  , including dynamic programming and branch-and-bound  , can be used to solve BP exactly. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. We adopt the dynamic programming approach that proposed by Psaraftis4 . There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. During this period  , the observer moves quickly to the right to reacquire the target. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. Using dynamic programming the energy consumption from the initial position of the robot to any point on the grid can now be obtained. It is shown in Fig. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. Dynamic programming is efficient because it confines its search to only those trajectories capable of reaching the goal. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. , are reported as the final disparity map L/R check. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. is maximized  , where N wi is the number of nodes in wi and dwi is its total internal degree. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. In other words  , an inherent characteristic of the design and use of microworlds is their dynamic nature. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. Rendering Module: This module is responsible for synchronizing frames for rendering to the display during video playback. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Given an event stream we seek to find a low cost state sequence that is likely to generate that stream. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. It would be much more efficient if the formatting were on the TD element instead   , avoiding the repetition. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. Some possible extensions include:  Perform thresholding on dynamic programming parse chart cells based on " goodness " of a particular parse rather than on a strict cell quota. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. It is conceivable that reiterations 22 or the compression of vertex identifiers 3 could further speed up the computation. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. If MyDatabase is a class inheriting from Database and has its method execute overriding Database.execute  , then q is a proxy external interaction of MyDatabase.execute. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Therefore  , object introspection maintains the semantic integrity of a programming language but opens up its programs for general access. Such incremental modifications of software systems are often referred to collectively as software evolution. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. It follows that we can check for interconnection of all pairs of nodes in T in time O|T | 3 . We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . , x k  only if there are exactly two non-leaf nodes x i   , x j . Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. The relative hand positions with respect to the face are computed. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. The unique nozzle in E ,' is used to pick components in the reel r. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. Such systems tend to produce high but fixed information quality levels  , but at a high cost also fixed. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. The rule definition module offers a specific interface for rule programming. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. For example  , in test-small  , 80% of the relations were small relations  , 10% were medium and 10% were large. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. The optimal warping path can be found in OnR time by dynamic programming 11. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . We select one element at each column by Dynamic Programming. PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . The basic structure of the similarity function is based on the dynamic programming idea Rabiner  , 1993  , p.223. Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. , N -1  , for a positive integer Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Given f K   , x K   , and θ K   , the value of a K can be found analytically with a single Newton step for each class. Indirect means to solve the two point boundary values problems constituted by the necessary conditions of optimality. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . §This work was supported in part with funding from the Australian Research Council. Since there are only finitely many sensor measurements  , we have to consider only finitely many candidates. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . Different from conventional action classification 4  , 1  , several approaches exist in the literature that focus on activity prediction  , i.e. , inferring ongoing activities before they are finished. We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. The other results of the RS project which are diacuased elsewhere lo include a shared memory architecture and a real-time  , dynamic operating system. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . A bruce-force enumeration approach to the joint segmentation and curve-fitting problem 3 will have a complexity exponential in T   , the sequence length. These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. Results on generating routes using an efficient form of dynamic programming are described in Section 5. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The present problem differs from the conventional MPC approach in the sense that the manipulated variable can assume only finite values. Its nodes are obtained by performing step motions from states already in the graph. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. The total time complexity is Onk where n is the number of tree nodes. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. For each FSM  , a shortest path problem is solved simultanously  , stressing a dynamic programming approach. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. Depending on the exact definitions  , such techniques are variously called dynamic programming  , divide and conquer  , bottom-up  , etc 3. Dynamic extension of a software system allows users to define and execute new commands during the execution of the system. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing. The same approach is extended in 6  by adding more expressive events  , dynamic delivery policies and dynamic eventmethod bindings.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Based on this model  , we introduce a dynamic programming solution for splitting a given set of trajectories optimally. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Although some of this dynamic machinery may be accidental and dangerous rather than essential   , the core of this pattern is support for highly configurable user interfaces. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. We will use the following strategy: We will use a dynamic program to find the interface – the paradigm can be viewed as Dynamic Programming meeting being used for Divide and Conquer. The improved performance of dynamic programming compared to these methods comes from solving multi-stage problems by analysing a sequence of simpler inductively defined single-stage problems. HTML 1.0 5 provided basic document formatting and hyperlinks for online browsing; HTML 2.0 6 ushered in a more dynamic  , interactive web by defining forms to capture and submit user input. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. The discrete state space S  , the action space A  , the structure of the state transition probabilities and the reward function all remain unchanged when new monitors are added to the system. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. 1  , we see that the user's utility at an action vector a depends on his utility at each of the vectors a + ei. To accelerate learning rate  , model-based methods construct empirical models which are not known in advance  , and  , use statistical techniques and dynamic programming to estimate the utility of taking actions in states of the world. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. The experimental results showed that the hybrid approach could produce near-optimal solutions for problems of sizes up to 25 percent bigger than what can be solved previously by dynamic programming. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. This definition is similar to the edit distance for strings and the dynamic time warping DTW in speech recognition  , see 16 for an overview. The main purpose of this section is to illustrate that the value of learning term given in the previous section will vary with 1 k 2 for large k. We prove this by first showing that the expected efficiency loss arising due to the uncertainty in the eCPM of the ad varies with 1 k for large k  , and then use this to show that the value of learning term varies with The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. In fact the accuracy and effectiveness of the programming  , simulation   , and control of the robot depend on the model of the robot. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Finally  , although user interface programming applies directly to traditional command line interfaces  , it is far more complex in the face of modern graphic interfaces 173. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. , client-side JavaScript and server-side Java. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. It is an extension of Steensgaard's work on C 17  , 18. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. In such cases one must rely that an event's dynamic event type is compatible to the operator's static event type so that the event's path instance can be projected on the operator's path type. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. The client-side template engine uses two functionalities  , XMLHttpRequest XHR and Dynamic HTML DHTML  , which are available for scripts running on recent Web browsers. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. In this section we formulate the value of a particular ad as a dynamic programming problem and use this formulation to derive the optimal bidding strategy for a particular ad. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. In this paper we focused on applying our optimization approach to PHP  , but our approach could be used with other programming languages. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. We begin by observing that only actions on targeted dimensions affect the optimization problem in any state  , thus the utility values in two states with the same number of A1 actions and A2 actions are the same. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. Choice of programming language In order to facilitate our programmers   , we needed a language familiar to participants—otherwise the time required to teach and learn it would consume most of the experiment time. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. Static analyses tend to be sound  , but the state of the art does not accurately handle very large programs or all programming languages and features. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. Besides  , SOS locates and retrieves exactly the artifact specified by the application. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. DynSeg uses dynamic programming in text segmentation 24 Figure 6 for optimization to maximize the log-likelihood. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. As can be seen from Table 9and Figure 3   , dynamic programming achieves the greatest decrease in document size over the original document: an average of 37.2%. In this work we succeeded in our aims of investigating and identifying the aspects of HTML mark-up that are able to be changed while still leaving a semantically equivalent document. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. Based on a careful examination we have chosen to implement ActiveRDF in an object-oriented scripting languages . ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. Since we are evaluating on a dataset that falls under Scenario I  , and the strict monotonicity property was framed for just such a scenario  , it makes sense that of all penalty values  , γ = ∞ results in best performance. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. Our work includes a measurement study of web crawler access characteristics on a busy dynamic website to motivate Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Though this strategy does not have a closed form in general  , we show that in many natural cases detailed later  , it reduces to a natural pure per-click or pure per-impression strategy that is socially optimal. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. The most essential and unique characteristic of FarGo is its extensive support for programming the dynamic layout separately from the application's logic. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. ASP  , JSP  , and PHP are typical examples of web technologies that use some form of dynamic page generation. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. When the error metric is possibly nonintegral as with SSE  , the range of values that A can take is large. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. To reiterate the key contributions of this work are: First  , we propose two new sequence representations for labeled rooted trees that are more concise and space-efficient when compared with other sequencing methods. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. While they also determine the twig matches by employing a dynamic programming based approach  , LCS-TRIM differs from these methods in many different ways. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Such designs are quite important and relevant when placed in the context of emerging multi-core architectures see Section 4.3. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. System R also uses a bottomup enumerator and interleaves costing  , but does not prune the logical space as aggressively as greedy search techniques  , and augments the search with dynamic programming. This construction method builds up the query evaluation plans step by step in a bottom up fashion. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. , until a complete plan for the query has been chosen. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. As the diagram shows  , we label each node in the binary hierarchy with the set of child nodes from the original hierarchy that are below it. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. Based on these results  , we can conclude that any strongly connected sub-graph in the punctuation graph for the query could serve as a building block for constructing safe plans. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. Thus the crux of the problem is to design cost models for different DBMSs such that they can be used by the heterogeneous query optimizer. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. For the time being  , we execute both user defined functions and normal DBMS code within the same address space. First  , since our optimizer is an extension of a standard optimizer we get all the benefits of advances in optimizer technology  , as well as the benefits of considering the entire search space  , leading to high quality  , efficient plans. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. The initial inter-beat length is estimated by taking the autocorrelation over the detected onsets. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. Koyanagi and Kawai 6 consider two parallel queues with two classes of parts where a customer may be transferred to another queue by paying an assignment cost. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. Definition 4.1 Pareto optimality: assume that n criteria with scalar values are to be minimized  , an objective vector z * is Pareto optimal if there does not exist another objective As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. Note that assembly language may also be employed to produce optimized code at higher levels. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. It continues to search all possible 2N-step extensions  , but chooses the trajectory with the minimum time to the goal if the goal is reached by any trajectories. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. In addition  , a heuristic to minimize the number of orientation changes  , trying to minimize the accumulated odometric error  , is also introduced. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. Let Ts ,a ,s be the probability of transitioning from state s to state s' using action a. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. 5  , 14  , traffic rules 6  , 81  , negotiation for dynamic task allocation 9  , 31  , and synchronization by programming 12  , 161. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . In this section it is assumed that only weak information  , such as a velocity bound  , is known regarding the target. Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . Once the optimal parameters are obtained by the discriminative training procedure introduced above  , the final top-K corrections can be directly computed  , avoiding the need for a separate stage of candidate re-ranking. The Levenshtein distance  , or edit distance  , defined over V   , dV x  , y between x and y is the cost of the least expensive sequence of edit operations which transforms x into y 17. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . To prevent over-fitting  , we add an l1 regularization term to each log likelihood function. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. There are several nonadjacent intervals where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value : from the likelihood function alone one can't tell which interval contains the true value for the number of defects in the document. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. 4 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Maximal Marginal Relevance: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using MMR. With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Thus  , the MAP estimate is the maximum of the following likelihood function. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. 2. Generative model. The likelihood function of a graph GV  , E given the latent labeling is Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The inspection result is assumed to be fixed. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. However   , the biggest difference to most methods in the second category is that Pete does not assume any panicular dishhution for the data or the error function. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. Essentially  , we take the ratio of the greatest likelihood possible given our hypothesis  , to the likelihood of the best " explanation " overall. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . Pair Potentials. The above likelihood function can then be maximized with respect to its parameters. The first assumption in 12 requires that The deviance is a comparative statistic. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. This ranking function treats weights as probabilities. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: The likelihood function Eq. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. The likelihood function for the t observations is: likelihood function. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by In the case of discrete data the likelihood measures the probability of observing the given data as a function of θ θ θ. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is This is illustrated in Figure 3. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. We will take an approach that estimates the product ~b = X00 by using a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. Figure 10shows the likelihood and loop closure error as a function of EM iteration. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. To centre the mean of the RGB likelihood function on the fingertips  , two additional likelihood functions are introduced. This difference in estimated hand position could cause the tracked state's posterior distribution  , belx  , to unstably fluctuate. Since there is no closed-form solution for maximizing the likelihood with respect to its parameters  , the maximization has to be performed numerically. maximum expected likelihood is indeed the true matching σI . We explain our choice of the function φ and hence our specific weight function wu  , v by showing that the weight of a matching is proportional to its log likelihood  , and the matching with maximum expected weight i.e. We also report the logarithm of the likelihood function LM  for each click model M   , averaged over all query sessions S in the test set all click models are learned to optimize the likelihood function : Lower values of perplexity correspond to higher quality of a model. However  , even if T does not accurately measure the likelihood that a page is good  , it would still be useful if the function could at least help us order pages by their likelihood of being good. In practice  , it is very hard to come up with a function T with the previous property. The combined query likelihood model with submodular function yields significantly better performance on the TV dataset for both ROUGE and TFIDF cosine similarity metrics. The results achieved by query likelihood models with the submodular function are promising compared with conventional diversity promotion technique. For a given camera and experimental setup  , this likelihood function can be computed analytically more details in Sections III-E and III-F. The first term in the above integrand is the measurement likelihood function  , which depends on the projection geometry and the noise model. The permutation test method Pete differs significantly from methods in the first category since it does not assign any data-independent cost to model complexity. Since the confidence level is low  , the interval estimate is to be discarded. Since it is often difficult to work with such an unwieldy product as L  , the value which is typically maximized is the loglikelihood This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . If the samples are spaced reasonably densely which is easily done with only a few dozen samples  , one can guarantee that the global maximum of the likelihood function can be found. Our approach performs gradient descent using each sample as a starting point  , then computes the goodness of the result using the obvious likelihood function. The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. The first is a distance transform  , where the likelihood  , p d   , of a registered pixel  , v  , depends on its 3D distance to the closest edge  , edgev. In this paper a squared exponential covariance function is optimised using conjugate gradient descent. The GP utility model can be trained by minimising the negative log marginal likelihood of the GP with respect to the hyperparameters of the covariance function. Likewise  , for the example in section 1.4  , the objective function at our desirable solutions is 0.5  , and have value 0.25 for the unpartitioned case. For example  , the value of the likelihood function corresponding to our desirable parameter values where class A generates t1  , class B generates t2  , class N generates t3 is 2 −4 while for a solution where class A generates the whole document d1 and class B generates the whole document d2  , the value of the likelihood function is 2 −8 . In this case  , we can use a conditional joint density function as the likelihood function. Then  , the number of failures experienced in 0 ,re will be a random variable. This is a function of three variables: To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The role of this function is to force that reviewers who have collaborated on writing favorable reviews  , end up in the same cluster. We use the gradient decent method to optimize the objective function. Learning RFG is to estimate the remaining free parameters θ  , which maximizes the log-likelihood objective function Oθ. We could still use the gradient decent method to solve the objective function. Learning the TRFG model is to estimate a parameter configuration θ = {α}  , {β}  , {μ} to maximize the log-likelihood objective function Oα  , β  , μ. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Let θ be given by the time-dependent parameter sets  , θ = θ1  , θ2  , · · ·   , θI . Since the parameters are estimated based on actual sensor data e.g. , laser range measurements  , the parameter likelihood function involves the definition of a sensor model. We compared the resulting ranking to the set of input rankings. We then found the parameter values that maximized the likelihood function above. As the experiment progresses from Fig. The evolution of the likelihood function Lθm with respect to the signal source location x s after n samples. denotes the observation vector up to t th frame. py t |x t  indicates the observation model which is a likelihood function in essence. The score function to be maximized involves two parts: i the log-likelihood term for the inliers  The problem is thus an optimization problem. If the function is SUM  , the likelihood of a multi-buffer replacement decreases rapidly with the number of pages. If the function is MIN  , for example  , the first overlay set found would be selected. This function fills the role of Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. This function selects a particle at random  , with a likelihood of selection proporational to the particle's normalized weight. Then  , each particle state is repopulated by randomly selecting from {X p } temp using the function RandP article. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is The exact derivation is similar to 15 and is omitted. As specified above  , when an unbiased model is constructed  , we estimate the value of μs for each session. Here  , the likelihood function that we Consider first the case when one feature is implemented at time ¼. Then the likelihood function  , i.e. , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is , the joint probability distribution  , of observing such data is Let Ë ´µ be the order statistics of the repair times. A ranking function for Global Representation is the same as query likelihood: This is one of the simplest and most widely used methods 1  , 4. We cannot derive a closed-form solution for the above optimization problem. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as Following the likelihood principle  , one determines P d  , P zjd  , and P wjz b y maximization of the logglikelihood function 77. To get a weighting function representing the likelihood An exemplary segmentation result obtained by applying this saturation feature to real data is shown in figure 3b. Larger values of the metric indicate better performance. However  , achieving this is computationally intractable. Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. We show log-likelihood as a function of the number of components. The difference between orderings is much smaller for GMG/AKM than for Scalable EM. Assume that the observed data is generated from our generative model. In order to estimate Θ  , we generally introduce the log-likelihood function defined as Such cases call for alternative methods for deriving statistically efficient estimators. However  , in many cases  , MLE is computationally expensive or even intractable if the likelihood function is complex. Consider that data D consists of a series of observations from all categories. The likelihood can be written as a function of We want to find the θs that maximize the likelihood function: Let θ r j i be the " relevance coefficient " of the document at rank rji. Given the training data  , we maximize the regularized log-likelihood function of the training data with respect to the model  , and then obtain the parameterˆλparameterˆ parameterˆλ. , N . The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: That is  , the coefficients that make our observed results most " likely " are selected. The first derivative and second derivative of the log-likelihood function can be derived as it can be computed by any gradient descent method. We now present the form of the likelihood function appearing in Eqs. To model the existence of outliers  , we employ the total probability theorem to obtain Here  , the likelihood function that we In Phase B  , we estimate the value of μs for each session based on the parameters Θ learned in Phase A. The likelihood function of collected data is So  , we confine our-selves to a very brief overview and refer the reader to 25  , 32 for more details. The parameter is determined using the following likelihood function: The center corresponds to the location where the word appears most frequently. This joint likelihood function is defined as: 3 is replaced by a joint class distribution for both the labeled samples and the unlabeled samples with high confidence scores. where both parameters µ and Σ can be estimated using the simple maximum-likelihood estimators for each frame. First we calculate the function: The log-likelihood function of Gumbel based on random sample x1  , x2  , . We explain the difficulty with Gumbel distribution only similar argument holds for Frechet. We compute this likelihood for all the clusters. The parameters of that function are the mean value and standard deviation that we have found in the learning stage. The system using limited Ilum­ ber of samples would easily break down. Consider the enormous state space  , and a likelihood function with rather narrow peaks. Figure 7b graphs log-likelihood as a function of autocorrelation. Training set size was varied at the following levels {25  , 49  , 100  , 225  , 484  , 1024  , 5041}. Autocorrelation was varied to approximate the following levels {0.0  , 0.25  , 0.50  , 0.75  , 1.0}. We plot two different metrics – RMS deviation and log-likelihood of the maximum-marginal interpretation – as a function of iteration . Results from this experiment appear in Figure 5. In this section we address RQ3: How can we model the effect of explanations on likelihood ratings ? The density function h for the ratings can be written as: The likelihood function is a statistical concept. In the following subsections  , we will briefly describe a probability model to fit the observed data. It is defined as the theoretical probability of observing the data at hand  , given the underlying model. After the integration  , we can maximize the following log-likelihood function with the relative weight λ. If λ approaches to 1  , we rely heavily on the training data. where w denotes the combination weight vector. For convenience  , we work with logarithms: The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. b With learning  , using the full trajectory likelihood function: large error in final position estimate. a ,e Without learning: robot expects object to move straight forward. is equal to the probability density function reflecting the likelihood that the reachability-distance of p w.r.t. Finally  , holds due to the product rule for differentiation. with match probability S as per equation 1  , the likelihood function becomes a binomial distribution with parameters n and S. If M m  , n is the random variable denoting m matches out of n hash bit comparisons  , then the likelihood function will be: Let us denote the similarity simx  , y as the random variable S. Since we are counting the number of matches m out of n hash comparison  , and the hash comparisons are i.i.d. In addition   , subpixel localization is performed in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak which occurs at the most likely robot position. Since the likelihood function measures the probability that each position in the pose space is the actual robot position  , the uncertainty in the localization is measured by the rate at which the likelihood function falls off from the peak. Using this probabilistic formulation of the localization problem  , we can estimate the uncertainty in the localization in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. This model completely eliminates the problem of not rewarding term partitioning adequately  , that this paper has dealt with. In addition  , we can perform subpixel localization in the discretized pose space by fitting a surface to the peak that occurs at the most likely robot position. The uncertainty in the localization is estimated in terms of both the variance of the estimated positions and the probability that a qualitative failure has occurred. With {πi} N i=1 free to estimate  , we would indeed allocate higher weights on documents that predict the query well in our likelihood function; presumably  , these documents are also more likely to be relevant. Leaving {πi} N i=1 free is important  , because what we really want is not to maximize the likelihood of generating the query from every document in the collection  , instead  , we want to find a λ that can maximize the likelihood of the query given relevant documents. The torque-based function measured failure likelihood and force-domain effects; the acceleration-based function measured immediate failure dynamics; and the swing-angle-based function measured susceptibility to secondary damage after a failure. This article defined three cost functions which quantitatively reflected the susceptibility of a manipulator to a free-swinging joint failure. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. where the parameter ς controls the balance between the likelihood using the multinomial theme model and the smoothness of theme distributions over the participant graph. 2  , this implies that one can compare the likelihood functions for each of the three examples shown in this figure. This is a powerful result because both the structure and internal density parameters can be optimized and compared using the same likelihood function. Considering Fig. Due to its penalty for free parameters  , AIC is optimized at a lower k than the loglikelihood ; though more complex models may yield higher likelihood  , AIC offers a better basis for model averaging 3. Our motivation for using AIC instead of the raw log-likelihood is evident from the different extrema that each function gives over the domain of candidate models. Moreover  , we may draw random samples around the expecta­ tion so as to effectively cover the peak areas of the real likelihood function. Generally  , we can assume that a likelihood func­ tion pXtIR;  , Zi  would reach maximum at the expec­ tation Exi IR;  , �; given an observation. The last two prefix-global features are similar to likelihood features 7 and 8  , but here they can modify the ranking function explicitly rather than merely via the likelihood term. In the learning-to-rank approach  , we additionally have the following prefix-global features cf. The pairs with the highest likelihood can then be expected to represent instances of succession. The succession measure defined on the domain of developer pairs can be thought of as a likelihood function reflecting the probability that the first developer has taken over some or all of the responsibilities of the second developer. We follow the typical generative model in Information Retrieval that estimates the likelihood of generating a document given a query  , pd|q. Blog post opinion retrieval aims at developing an effective retrieval function that ranks blog posts according to the likelihood that they are expressing an opinion about a particular topic. 'Alternative schemes  , such as picking the minimum distance among those locations I whose likelihood is above a certain threshold are not guaranteed to yield the same probabilistic bound in the likelihood of failure. TWO examples of P  d  as a function of d. See text. We use the Predict function in the rms R package 19 to plot changes in the estimated likelihood of defect-proneness while varying one explanatory variable under test and holding the other explanatory variables at their median values. We then examine the explanatory variables in relation to the predicted likelihood of module defect-proneness. The log-likelihood function splits with respect to any consumption of any user  , so there is ample room for parallelizing these procedures. Thus  , we employ a block coordinate descent method  , using a standard gradient descent procedure to maximize the likelihood with respect to w or s or T . It has been shown that the Maximum- Likelihood Estimator MLE is asymptotically efficient as it can achieve the Cramer-Rao lower bound with increasing sample sizes. As previously discussed  , the problem of the BM method 21 is that inaccuracies in the map lead to non-smooth values of the likelihood function  , with drastic variations for small displacements in the robot pose variable x t . It remains to be described how to evaluate the individual likelihood values. In summary  , query likelihood model incorporating answers is able to yield better summarization performance when the vocabulary size of the answer collection is moderate . The observation likelihood is computed once for each of the samples  , so tracking becomes much more computationally feasible. The observation likelihood can be estimated by summing the probability that each pixel in the target region does not belong to the model and by using the exponential function  , as in 27  , to obtain a probability estimate. Inference and learning in these models is typically intractable  , and one must resort to approximate methods for both. These models are then trained in a discriminative way  , usually with the goal of maximizing the likelihood of data under a parametrized likelihood function. During the E-step we compute the expectations for latent variable assignments using parameter values from the previous iteration and in the M-step  , given the expected assignments we maximize the expected log complete likelihood with respect to the model parameters. We expected the first prefix-global feature to receive a large negative weight  , guided by the intuition that humans would always go directly to the target as soon as this is possible. Analytically  , this probability is identical to the likelihood of the test set  , but instead of maximizing it with respect to the parameters  , the latter are held fixed at the values that maximize the likelihood on the training set. In the context of user behaviors  , the perplexity is a monotonically increasing function of the joint probability of the sessions in the test set. Figure 1shows the log-likelihood and AIC values for all possible dimensionalities on three standard test collections. Instead of assuming an unrealistic measurement uncertainty for each range as previous works do  , we have presented an accurate likelihood model for individual ranges  , which are fused by means of a Consensus Theoretic method. In this paper we have addressed the problem of deriving a likelihood function for highly accurate range scanners. is said the cumulative intensity function and is equivalent to the mean value function of an NHPP  , which means the expected cumulative number of software faults detected by time t. In the classical software reliability modeling  , the main research issue was to determine the intensity function λt; θ  , or equivalently the mean value function Λt; θ so as to fit the software-fault count data. Then the likelihood function of an NHPP is given by Then  , a grid search is used to determine C and α that maximize the likelihood function. We use the center of the most frequent grid as the word center and follow the center finding step as suggested by 9. Generally  , if f x is a multivariate normal density function with mean µ and variancecovariance matrix Σ. This probability is embedded in the complete data likelihood and since all distributions are normal  , P Un ,u|rest is also normal. where αi and α k are Lagrange multipliers of the constraints with respect to pnvj |z k   , we need to consider the original PLSA likelihood function and the user guidance term. 11  , its updating can be got as Since the maximum value is 3 the interval estimate has -yg-  , a high confidence level. As opposed to run A1  , the likelihood function for run B3 has only a single interval where it takes on its maximum value. Results. The output function for each state was estimated by using the training data to compute the maximum-likelihood estimate of its mean and covariance matrix. We made the simplifying assumption that the features were multivariate normal. The first term of the above equation is the likelihood function or the so-called observation model. Here  , we assume the camera trajectory is independent of the feature points. This learning goal is equivalent to maximizing the likelihood of the probabilistic KCCA model 3. With the kernels  , the related function that we need to optimize is given by , For each topic  , we extracted all document pairwise preferences from the top 20 documents retrieved by each system. Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. where N u denotes the friends of user u. Integrating all the factors together  , we obtain the following log-likelihood objective function: We adopt the influences learned in the previous stage as the input factors  , and learn the weighting parameters. In that work  , a deformable template method is used to optimize a likelihood function based on the proposed model. Another research work with different philosophy can be seen in Z where a curve road model was proposed. To obtain a usable likelihood function L  , it is required to collect a sufficient amount of real-world data to approximate the values of µ  , τ  , σ for each distribution D i . We compute the values as follows: However  , finding the central permutation σ that maximizes the likelihood is typically very difficult and in many cases is intractable 21. σ  , the partition function Zφ  , σ can be found exactly. where F is a given likelihood function parameterized by θ. The i-th customer θi sits at table k that already has n k customers with probability n k i−1+λ In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. The E-step and M-step will be alternatively executed until the data likelihood function on the whole collection D converges. We then factorize this probability as follows: the likelihood with which it can occur in other positions in addition to its true position is now defined for all points in the r-closure set of that piece. The weight function of a chess piece i.e. We use the ranking function r to select only the top ten strings for further consideration. We then rank the substrings based on the likelihood of being the correct translation. The estimates from two methods are very close. where Lθ; z is the likelihood function  , θ is the parameter vector  , z is the transformed document length and y represents the unobserved data. The unknown parameter 0 α is a scalar constant term and ' β is a k×1 vector with elements corresponding to the explanatory variables. The likelihood function formed by assuming independence over the observations: When a document d and a query q are given  , the ranking function 1 is the posterior probability that the document multinomial language model generated query5. In this paper  , we rely on the query likelihood model. In this approach  , documents or tweets are scored by the likelihood the query was generated by the document's model. Our basic scoring function adopted Indri's 3 language modeling approach. use dynamic time warping with a cost function based on the log-likelihood of the sequence in question. A minor difference is the handling of time warping: Coates et al. The partial derivates of the scoring function  , with respect to λ and μ  , are computed as follows: Note that we rank according to the log query likelihood in order to simplify the mathematical derivations. Samples are represented by yellow points  , the vector field depicts the gradient of Lθm. The trial concludes when there is a clear global maximum of the likelihood function. We believe this is a novel result in the sense of minimalistic sensing 7 . Note that we have estimated the orientation quite accurately using only measurements of the object class label and a pre-defined heuristic spatial likelihood function. One of the common solutions is to use the posterior probability as opposed to the likelihood function. However  , estimating from one single document is unreliable due to small data samples. In the final step we normalize the previously computed model weight by applying a relative normalization as described in 26. This likelihood function assures a combined matching of model's structure and visual appearance. We select the best landmark for localization by minimizing the expected uncertainty in the robot localization. The likelihood can be written as a function of Purchase times in the observations are generated by using a set of hidden variables θ = {θ 1  , θ2..  , θM } θ m = {βm  , γm}. However  , some tracking artifacts can be seen in Figure 8due to resolution issues in the likelihood function. and 8  , reasonable tracking estimates can be generated from as few as six particles. To apply the likelihood ratio test to our subcubelitemset domain to produce a correlation function  , it is useful to consider the binomial probability distribution. The greater the value of the ratio  , the stronger our hypothesis is said to be. Then the log-likelihood function of the parameters is We assume that the error ε has a multivariate normal distribution with mean 0 and variance matrix δ 2 I  , where I is an identity matrix of size T . Yet  , the values of the likelihood function provide a simple sort of confidence level for the interval estimates. As a result  , we don't give confidence intervals in this paper. These metafeatures may help the global ranker to distinguish between two documents that get very similar scores by the query likelihood scoring function  , but for very different reasons. , q |Q| have higher probabilities than given the document model for D1. where the optimization of ǫ and σ can be effectively solved via a gradient-based optimizer. Finally  , the distribution of θ is updated with respect to its posterior distribution. We compute the likelihood function P s|θ   , multiply it to the prior distribution pθ  , and derive the posterior distribution pθ|s. The second initialization method gives an adequate and fast initialization for many poses an animal can adopt. We compute the segment association function ζ 1 with help of the likelihood L s j | z i . To get a weighting function representing the likelihood Out of these  , the overall color intensity gradient image I I is set to be the maximum norm of the normalized gradients computed for each color channel see figure 4a. Therefore  , we can utilize convex optimization techniques to find approximate solutions. But  , it is not hard to verify that the log likelihood function Lθ is concave in α and β under the parameter constraints listed in Lemma 3.1. The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. where pβ is the prior distribution as in Equation2. Figure 1b illustrates the likelihood function for the path. The dotted line in Figure 1a illustrates a hypothetical path of a contact measurement  , ˆ p  , through the space around the rectangle. We have described a method to select the sensing location for performing mobile robot localization through matching terrain maps. The proposed approach is evaluated on different publicly available outdoor and indoor datasets. An approach for generating and updating the binary vocabulary is presented which is coupled with a simplistic likelihood function to generate loop closure candidates. The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances. Denote these distances D F   , ..  , 0 2 for the robot position X . An exponential likelihood function pDT W ij |c j  is calculated using the DTW distance between every trajectory i and the model trajectory j of the motion. Figure 12shows an example. For the purposes of discussion  , we consider a standard additive model Zt = Zt + Et to capture this noise and define our likelihood function as the product of terms Such artifacts may be considered a form of topological noise. We then rank the documents in the L2 collection using the query likelihood ranking function 14. Given a query Q in the source language L1  , we automatically translate the query using a query translation system into the assisting language L2. reduction of error  , e.g. , the likelihood function  , with respect to the derivates of the errors in a control group  , as the model complexity is increased. However  , permutations are computationally heavy and not necessarily suitable for time critical systems. Ni is the log-likelihood for the corresponding discretization. For the same reason as MDLP  , we denote the goodness function of a given contingency table based on AIC and BIC as follows: The proposed model is fitted by optimizing the likelihood function in an iterative manner. In particular  , the proposed model not only considers the different levels of impact of different advertising channels but also takes time-decaying effect into account. When experimented with the synthetic data and real-world data  , the proposed method makes a good inference of the parameters  , in terms of relative error. The returned score is compared with the score of the original model λ evaluated on the input data of 'splitAttempt'. 1 The 'cvScore' function returns the corresponding estimated log-likelihood of the data. 4 i.e. , the formula without the normalization factor and the exponential function. The un-normalized likelihood difference is calculated by ΔθF = θF Y  − θF Y   , where F Y  is the exponent component of Eq. For GMG  , the plots show the loglikelihoods of models obtained after model size reduction performed using AKM. 2   , we expect that EM will not converge to a reasonable solution due to many local suboptimal maxima in the likelihood function. Use EM to infer group types and estimate the remaining parameters of the model. A standard way of deriving a confidence is to compute the second derivative of the log likelihood function at the MAP solution. It is thus important to know the confidence associated with these values. We consider fitting such a function to each user individually . Earlier work finds that the likelihood to re-consume an item that was consumed i steps ago falls off as a power law in i  , attenuated by an exponential cutoff. We integrate over all the parameters except μs to derive the likelihood function PrC1:m|μs. According to the method mentioned above  , as a new session is loaded for training  , there are three steps to execute: 1. 1 Several of the design metrics are ratios and many instances show zero denominators and therefore undefined values. In this way  , we insure that undefined instances will not affect the calculation of the likelihood function. Therefore  , in order to address the problem  , we replaced the undefined values with zeros and calculated the coefficients from this modified data set. The component π k acts as the prior of the clusters' distribution   , which adjusts the belief of relevance according to each cluster. Given that model  , the likelihood function for the training dataset with respect to one query is as follows. The orientation estimate is non-ambiguous in this case since we exploited inter-class confusion. This problem's inherent structure allows for efficiency in the maximization procedure. and from the numerical point of view  , it is often preferable to work with the log-likelihood function. With respect to E  , the log-likelihood function is a maximum when = due to the fact that is positive definite. Therefore  , the MLE was determined to be unsuitable for RCG parameter esti- mation. To make our problem simpler both from an analytical and a numerical standpoint  , we work with the natural logarithm of the likelihood function: Now  , we can try to solve the optimization problem formulated by Equation 7. The EM approach indeed produced significant error reductions on the training dataset after just a few iterations. In the rest of the paper  , we will omit writing the function Ψ for notational simplicity. This likelihood depends on the class associated to the feature and in general is different among the features. The sample-based representation directly facilitates the optimization of  I I  using gradient descent. A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. Every sensor can be modelled differently with varying level of model complexity. c Learning on unlocked table: robot correctly estimates a mass and friction that reproduce the observed trajectory. If there is a probabilistic model for the additional input and the scan matching function is a negative log likelihood  , then integration is straightforward. It can also be used directly as a prior for guiding scan matching. A state update method asynchronously combines depth and RGB measurement updates to maintain a temporally consistent hand state. An RGB likelihood function is applied to weigh the probability of samples belonging to the hand. The mean of this combined likelihood function will lie over the fingertips  , as desired: p c v shall represent the skin probability of pixel v  , obtained from the current tracker's skin colour histogram. Under this alternate objective  , we try to maximize the function: This objective therefore controls for the overall likelihood of a bad event rather than controlling for individual bad events. We omit the details of the derivation dealing with these difficulties and just state the parameters of the resulting vMF likelihood function: are not allowed to take any possible angle in Ê n−1 . 2 The loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model 18   , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. We describe different ways to represent the diversity score. We evaluated the ranking using both the S-precision and WSprecision measures. The same query-likelihood relevance value function is also used to produce a ranking of all the relevant documents  , which we use as our baseline. The probability of a repeat click as a function of elapsed time between identical queries can be seen in Figure 5. We looked at how the elapsed time between equal-query queries affected the likelihood of observing a repeat click. In general  , we propose to maximize the following normalized likelihood function with a relative weight c~  , Which importance one gives to predicting terms relative to predicting links may depend on the specific application . The likelihood function for the robot position can be formulated as the product of the probability distributions of these distances 8. Denote these distances Of  , ..  , 0 ," for the robot position X . The belief update then proceeds as follows: This formulation of the observation function models the fact that a robot can detect a target with the highest likelihood when it is close to the target. Perplexity is a monotonically decreasing function of log-likelihood  , implying that lower perplexity is better since the model can explain the data better. In the case of UCI dataset  , m i is the same for all instances in each dataset. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. It allows us to estimate the models easily because model parameter inference can be done without evaluating the likelihood function. They noted that optimization of the conditional likelihood function is computationally infeasible due to the complexity of structure search. They showed that the resulting model is more accurate than its generative counterpart. They can be modelled by a probability density function indicating the likelihood that an object is located at a certain position cf. Fuzzy object representations  , also denoted simply as fuzzy objects   , occur in many different application ranges. This effect can also be seen as a function of rank  , where friendships are assumed to be independent of their explicit distance. First  , we examine the relationship between proximity and friendship  , observing that  , as expected  , the likelihood of friendship drops monotonically as a function of distance. Note that a function T with the threshold property does not necessarily provide an ordering of pages based on their likelihood of being good. Otherwise  , we cannot tell anything about p. Such a function T would at least be capable of telling us that some subset of pages with a trust score above δ is good. In HSI  , for each singer characteristic model  , a logistic function is used as a combination function C s to derive an overall likelihood score. The main reason for using LR to estimate parameters is that few statistical assumptions are required for its use and 0  , 0  , ..  , 0 and q 0 = 0.5  , 0.5  , ..  , 0.5 ; Treating V r as required nodes  , V s as steiner nodes  , and the log-likelihood function as the weight function  , WPCT sp approximately computes an undirected minimum steiner tree T . It then constructs node sets V r = {v|v  , t ∈ X}  , and V s = V \ V r . When ς=1  , then the objective function yields themes which are smoothed over the participant co-occurrence graph. It is easy to note that when ς=0  , then the objective function is the temporally regularized log likelihood as in equation 5. In the above optimization problem we have added a function Rθ which is the regularization term and a constant α which can be varied and allows us to control how much regularization to apply. To choose the optimal value of α we simply choose the value which maximizes an objective function  , in this case the log likelihood of the heldout data. To achieve better optimization results  , we add an L2 penalty term to the location and time deviations in our objective function in addition to the log likelihood. The goal of this M step is to find the latent variables in Θ that maximize this objective function. A new parameter estimate is then computed by minimizing the objective function given the current values of T s = is the negative log likelihood function to be minimized. First  , the missing label t i is replaced by its expected value under the current parameter estimate  , θ s . The second scoring function computes a centrality measure based on the geometric mean of term generation probabilities  , weighted by their likelihood in the entry language model no centrality computation φCONST E  , F  = 1.0 and the centrality component of our model using this scoring function only serves to normalize for feed size. This worked well when the demonstrations were all very similar  , but we found that our weighted squared-error cost function with rate-change penalty yielded better alignments in our setting  , in which the demonstrations were far less similar in size and time scale. In general  , a likelihood function is a function which is used to measure the goodness of fit of a statistical model to actual data. Our description offLik is heavily influenced by a similar statistical test based on the loglikelihood ratio described by Dunning  5  . Note that the parameters θz|d  , γz|u and φw|z are probability values and thus we have the constraints of Equations Ideally  , this function will be monotonic with discrepancy in the joint angle space. The likelihood function pzt | g −1 i yit  can be any reasonable choice for comparing the hypothesized observations from a latent space particle and the sensor observations. The sensor model for stationary objects can then be expressed as the dual function of the sensor model for moving objects  , which can be written as On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Segmentations to piecewise constant functions were done with the greedy top-down method  , and the error function was the sum of squared errors which is proportional to log-likelihood function with normal noise. The following parameters were used in estimating the number of segments. A cutoff value p 5 0.05 was used to decide whether to continue segmentation. To produce the bounds for our quadratic programming formulation of APA  , we return to the fact from Section 3.3 that the likelihood function for an estimate for cell i is based on the normal probability density function g. As is stated in nearly every introductory statistics textbook  , 99.7% of the total mass of the normal probability density function is found within three standard deviations of the origin . We can use this fact to develop reasonable bounds for our estimate of . While bearing a resemblance to multi-modal metric learning which aims at learning the similarity or the distance measure from multi-modal data  , the multi-modal ranking function is generally optimized by an evaluation criterion or a loss function defined over the permutation space induced by the scoring function over the target documents. The aforementioned approaches  , either optimizing the similarity distance between pairs of samples or optimizing the likelihood of the topic models  , do not optimize for the final ranking performance directly. Although the above update rule does not follow the gradient of the log-likelihood of data exactly  , it approximately follows the gradient of another objective function 2. It is shown that in 11  , under this greedy training strategy  , we always get a better model ph for hidden representations of the original input data if the number of features in the added layer does not decrease  , and the following varational lower bound of the log-likelihood of the observed input data never decreases. On each axis  , the likelihood probability gets projected as a continuous numeric function with maximum possible score of 1.0 for a value that is always preferred  , and a score of 0.0 for a value that is absent from the table. For a value of a property  , the likelihood probability is calculated as P 'value | pref erred based on the frequency count table of that column. The geometric mean has a nice interpretation as the reciprocal of the average likelihood of the dataset being generated by the model  , assuming that the individual samples are i.i.d. , A higher likelihood of generating the dataset from the model implies a lower amount of privacy. We can now define the privacy  , È´µÈ´µ of a dataset with respect to the model as some function of the privacy of the individual data objects. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 Instead of maximizing the likelihood of a discrete set of points M as in the previous subsection   , the registration problem is interpreted as minimizing the distance between two 3D-NDT models M N DT F and M N DT M. With this parameterization of λt  , maximum-likelihood estimates of model parameters can be numerically calculated efficiently no closed form exists due to the integral term in Equation 6. As the activity function at from the previous section can be interpreted as a relative activity rate of the ego  , an appropriate modeling choice is λ 0 t ∝ at  , learning the proportionality factor via maximum-likelihood. The coefficients C.'s will be estimated through the maximi- ' zation of a likelihood function  , built in the usual fashion  , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations   , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. 2 when a variable entirely differentiates error-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. This function is used in the classification step and represents the probability of a motion trajectory being at a certain DTW distance from the model trajectory  , given that it belongs to this class of motions c j . For mathematical convenience  , l=lnL  , the loglikelihood  , is usually the function to be maximized. The coefficients co and cl are estimated through the maximization of a likelihood function L  , built in the usual fashion   , i.e. , as the product of the probabilities of the single observations  , which are functions of the covariates whose values are known in the observations and the coefficients which are the unknowns. When X entirely differentiates fault-prone software parts  , then the curve approximates a step function. Combining these two values using a weighted sum function  , a final function value is calculated for every image block  , and the image block is categorized into one of the three classes: picture  , text  , and background. Besides  , the likelihood of the wavelet coefficients being composed of highly concentrated values is calculated because the histogram of wavelet coefficients in a text block tends to have several concentrated values while that of a photograph does not. Since the resulting NHPP-based SRM involves many free parameters   , it is well known that the commonly used optimization technique such as the Newton method does not sometimes work well. However  , it is not true because the likelihood function is represented as the product of the probabilities that the debugging history in respective incremental system testing can be realized. From the likelihood function corresponding to a particular observed inspection result one can compute estimates for the number of defects contained in the document in a standard way. The interval estimate is the range of numbers which most likely contains the true number N of defects in the document. As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. It is instructive to formulate an expression for the upper bound on search repository quality. The child in the central position controlled the 'next page' function in each case observed  , without input from the other users  , except in cases where the mouse-controlling child was too slow in clicking over to the next page. In addition  , the seating likelihood of better classroom performers in central positions discussed later made the pace variation an important issue for mouse control. Due to space constraints  , the examples in this paper focus around the reliability requirement  , defined as the likelihood of loss of aircraft function or critical failure is required to be less than 10 -9 per flight hour 10 . Reliability  , availability  , and fault tolerance were identified as primary concerns for the flight control systems of both the Airbus and Boeing. The recent rapid expansion of access to information has significantly increased the demands on retrieval or classification of sentiment information from a large amount of textual data. Therefore   , ranking according to the likelihood of containing sentiment information is expected to serve a crucial function in helping users. This global objective function is hard to evaluate. Using Equation 2 we define the information content of our final set of N chosen constraint as the increase in likelihood due to the new expected values after all the N constraints have been applied to the data. Table 3shows these results. CombMNZ requires for each r a corresponding scoring function sr : D → R and a cutoff rank c which all contribute to the CombMNZ score:  We also computed the difference between RRF and individual MAP scores  , 95% confidence intervals  , and p-value likelihood under the null hypothesis that the difference is 0. where the first term is the log-likelihood over effective response times { ˜ ∆ i }  , and the second term the sum of logactivity rates over the timestamps of all the ego's responses. In survival models  , the response time ∆ i is modeled with a survival function Table 1describes how the scoring function is computed by each method. We compare four methods for identifying entity aspects: TF. IDF  , the log-likelihood ratio LLR 2  , parsimonious language models PLM 3 and an opinion-oriented method OO 5 that extracts targets of opinions to generate a topic-specific sentiment lexicon; we use the targets selected during the second step of this method. Mukhopadyay et al. 24 proposed a qualitative model of search engine choice that is a function of the search engine brand  , the loyalty of a user to a particular search engine at a given time  , user exposure to banner advertisements  , and the likelihood of a within-session switch from the engine to another engine. Analogous to 4  , our key observation is that even if the domains are different between the training and test datasets  , they are related and still share similar topics from the terms. This model also shows the potential ability to correct the order of a question list by promoting diversified results on the camera dataset. Another widely used ranking function  , referred to as Occ L   , is defined by ranking terms according to their number of occurrences  , and breaking the ties by the likelihood. This confirms Daille's assertion that loglikelihood is the best measure for the detection of terms 4. We define our ranking in Section 4.1 and describe its offline and online computation components in Sections 4.2 and 4.3  , respectively. For this  , we designed a scoring function to quantify the likelihood that a specific user would rate a specific attraction highly and then ranked the candidates accordingly. A number of studies have investigated sentiment classification at document level  , e.g. , 7  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 6 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. In a uniform environment  , one might set $q = VolumeQ-l  , whereas a non-uniform 4 would be appropriate to monitor targets that navigate over preidentified areas with high likelihood. The measure 4 plays the role of an " information density " or of a probability density function. The code generator or translator produces a sequence of function calls in Adept's robot programming language  , V+  , that implement the given plan in our workcell. This use of skeletal procedures has been used in LAMA lo and AUTOPASS 8 unlike those systems  , we do not simulate the proposed operations to assess their likelihood of success. The importance factor is a weighting for particles that indicates the likelihood of the particle state being the true vehicle state. By referring to the feature map  , each particle can determine the relative orientation of features observable in its field of view as a function of bearing The second is a hand likelihood function over the whole RGB image that is computed quickly  , but with higher false positives. The first is a hand detector using depth images  , that provides a single value hand estimate with high precision but lower speed. Specifically  , we assume that there exists a probability density function p : Π → 0  , 1   , that models the likelihood of each possible trajectory in Π being selected by each evader. The motion model reflects a behavior that the evaders are likely to exhibit throughout the run. We iterate over the following two steps: 1 The E-Step: define an auxiliary function Q that calculates the expected log likelihood of the complete data given the last estimate of our model  , ˆ θ: In the next section we will provide an example of how the approach can be implemented. where Z = Z α Z β is a normalization factor; |V | is the set of users to whom we try to recommend friends and |C| is the candidate list for each user; θ = {α}  , {β} indicates a parameter configuration. More specifically  , our approach assigns to each distance value t  , a density probability value which reflects the likelihood that the exact object reachability distance is equal to t cf. In our approach  , we assign to each object in the seedlist not a single reachability value but a fuzzy object reachability function. Note that the comparison is fair for all practical purposes  , since the LD- CNB models use only one additional parameter compared to CNB. One of the early influential work on diversification is that of Maximal Marginal Relevance MMR presented by Carbonell and Goldstein in 5. The work on diversification of search results has looked into similar objectives as ours where the likelihood of the user finding at least one result relevant in the result set forms the basis of the objective function. Here mission similarity refers to the likelihood that two queries appear in the same mission   , while missions are sequences of queries extracted from users' query logs through a mission detector. It extracted topics based on a pre-defined topic similarity function  , which considered both semantic similarity and mission similarity. Second  , we use this distribution to derive the maximum-likelihood location of individuals with unknown location and show that this model outperforms data provided by geolocation services based on a person's IP address. We show how the function s may be estimated in a manner similar to the one used for w above  , and we empirically compare the performance of the recency-based model versus the quality-based model. Next  , we consider a quality-based model  , where the likelihood of consuming item e is proportional to a per-item quality score se. P is a function that describes the likelihood of a user transitioning to state s after being in state s and being allocated task a. R describes the reward associated with a user in state s and being allocated task a. The action space A is comprised of all tasks that the system can allocate to the user. This equation is not jointly convex in w  , s  , and T   , but it is convex in each function with the other two fixed. We treat this as a ranking problem and find the top-k followers who are most likely to retweet a given post. Given a tweet t from user u and her followers F ollowersu  , our goal is to learn a function F that estimates the likelihood of follower fi fi ∈ F olloweru retweeting t in future. We would expect that in the first case  , the learned model would look very similar to baseline query likelihood efficient but not effective. On the other hand  , if the focus is to learn the most effective ranking function possible disregarding efficiency   , then we can use a constant efficiency value. The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. or "what is the most likely cause of the error ?" Unfortunately   , this weight update will often cause all but a few particles' weights to tend to zero after repeated updating  , even with the most carefully-chosen proposal distribution 7. which only requires knowledge and evaluation of the measurement likelihood function p zk |χ i k to update the particles' weights with new sensor measurements. Using the observation model and the likelihood function discussed in section II  , we formulate  , when N O = 1: To compute this number  , we first must be able to computê N H e r k |h i   , as the expected number of remaining hypotheses if the robot moves to e r k given that h i is the true position hypothesis. The derivation of the gradient and the Hessian of the log-likelihood function are described below specifically for the SO3 manifold. While the former is easier to derive and implement  , the Newton method yields very fast convergence near the minimum. Assuming that the training labels on instance j make its state path unambiguous   , let s j denote that path  , then the first-derivative of the log-likelihood is L-BFGS can simply be treated as a black-box optimization procedure  , requiring only that one provide the firstderivative of the function to be optimized. In addition   , it also demotes the general question which was ranked at the 8th position  , because it is not representative of questions asking product aspects. The re-ranking function is able to promote one question related to RAW files  , which is not included in the candidate question set retrieved by query likelihood model. A fast computation of the likelihood  , based on the edge distance function  , was used for the similarity measurement between the CAD data and the obtained microscopic image. In this paper  , we proposed a robust  , efficient visual forceps tracking method under a microscope using the projective contour models of the 3-D CAD model of the robotic forceps. Thus  , whenever N i is located in the occupied region of a reading  , the likelihood of the reading is approximately the maximum. That is  , the single quadratic function of 16 is considered to be minimized when |z i − dN i | ≤ β. We modify it for the purpose of automatic relevance detection  , which can be interpreted as embedded feature selection performed automatically when optimizing over the parameters of the kernel to maximize the likelihood: After empirically evaluating a number of kernel functions used in common practice  , in our implementation  , we exploit the rational quadratic function. This is done via a large number of line search optimizations in the hyperparameter space using the GPML package's minimi ze function from hundreds of random seed points  , including the best hyperparameter value found in a previous fit. As recommended by 6  , we find hyperparameters that maximize the log likelihood of the data. The likelihood function is determined relying on the ray casting operation which is closely related to the physics of the sensor but suffers from lack of smoothness and high computational expense. Beam models calculate the likelihoods by simulating the way rays of light travel through the environment. We can thus write p f j x i t−Np:t = γ x i t−Np:t   , which leads to: The instance gets projected as a point in this multi-dimensional space. The probability that a target exists is modeled as a decay function based upon when the target was most recently seen  , and by whom. Combining these two probabilities helps reduce the overlap of robot sensory areas toward the goal of minimizing the likelihood of a target escaping detection. Representation is necessary since the company running the web site wishes to pick a subset of ads such that a certain objective function e.g. , likelihood of clickthroughs  is maximized  , while not exceeding the global constraint of K ads. Dominance can be useful in specifying whether  , within a category based on user's profile  , the expensive items or the inexpensive items should dominate. Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. If v r o are viewed as empirical distributions induced by a given sample i.e. , defined by frequencies of events in the sample then uncertain measures are simply summaries of several individual observations for each fact. Although our experimental setting is a binary classification  , the desired capability from learning the function f b  , k by a GBtree is to compute the likelihood of funding  , which allows us to rank the most appropriate backer for a particular project. Despite this fact  , we can achieve a high precision value of 0.82. The important point to notice is that the predictive variance captures the inherent uncertainty in the function  , with tight error bars in regions of observed data  , and with growing error bars away from observed data. The hyperparameters of the kernel have been set by optimizing the marginal likelihood as described above. The log-likelihood contains a log function over summations of terms with λt defined by Equation 5  , which can make parameter inference intractable. where it is assumed that the observed dataset is over the time interval 0  , T  Daley and Vere-Jones 2003.  Model selection criteria usually assumes that the global optimal solution of the log-likelihood function can be obtained. There are many other promising local optimal solutions in the close vicinity of the solutions obtained from the methods that provide good initial guesses of the solution. However  , to calculate the likelihood function  , we have to marginalize over the latent variables which is difficult in our model for both real variables η  , τ   , as it leads to integrals that are analytically intractable  , and discrete variables z1···m  , it involves computationally expensive sum over exponential i.e. The variational parameters learned in this step 10 is just same as that in the case with the individual increments in isolation. The reason is that we map different overall detection ratios to the same efficiency class  , respectively  , different sets of individual detection ratios to the same span by using the range subdivisions . The example shows that different values of n often result in the same value of the likelihood function. Thus  , the interval estimate ep is given a high confidence level for the running example. For the running example  , the maximum value of 20.0 % of the likelihood function is three times as high as its lowest non-zero value of 6.7 %. where Fjy  , x is a feature function which extracts a realvalued feature from the label sequence y and the observation sequence x  , and Zx is a normalization factor for each different observation sequence x. Once we have py|x  , λ  , the log-likelihood for the whole train set S is given by This combination of attributes is generally designed to be unique with a high likelihood and  , as such  , can function as a device identifier. A device fingerprint is a set of system attributes that are usually combined in the form of a string. The goal of task allocation is to learn a policy for allocating tasks to users that maximizes expected reward. Similarly  , our investigation of the CHROME browser identified security  , portability  , reliability  , and availability as specific concerns. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In a case where we want half of the participants to be male and half female  , we can adjust weights of the objective optimization function to increase the likelihood that future trial candidates will match the currently underrepresented gender. Therefore  , the estimate of the mean is simply the sample mean  ,  The effectiveness of the MLE is observed by generating a set of samples from a known RCG distribution  , then computing the MLE estimates of the parameters. Similar to the approach shown in Fig- ure 4a  , these weight values are derived from a function of the current position and the distance to the destination position . ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. , ridge regularization. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. Telang et al. First  , they consider w d which consists of the lexical terms in document d. Second  , they posit t d which is the timestamp for d. With these definitions in place  , we may decompose the likelihood function: They approach the problem by considering two types of features for a given document. We address this problem with a dynamic annealing approach that adjusts measurement model entropy as a function of the normalized likelihood of the most recent measurements . While this is irrelevant to the problem of locating a static object  , it is important when the object is moving in an unknown way in the robot hand. These promising results suggest that integrating our approach into probabilistic SLAM methods would improve the building of maps for dynamic  , cluttered environments  , a challenging issue that requires further research. The likelihood function for this sensor is modeled like the lane sensor by enumerating two modes of detection: µ s1 and µ s2 . The final sensor providing relative measurements is the stopline sensor  , which measures the distance to any stopline visible within its camera's field of view. In such a situation  , increasing the arc length of the path over the surface increases the coverage of the surface  , thus leading to a greater likelihood of uniform deposition. The physical motivation for this inclusion is as follows: a deposition rate function has a spread that is typically small compared to the actual area that is to be covered . The amount of data collected is a function of the scan density  , often expressed as points per row and column  , and area viewed. Often  , scanning more of the scene will increase the likelihood that the scan can be found in the terrain map. A key feature of both models  , the motion model and the perceptual model  , is the fact that they are differentiable. Thus the likelihood function of appearance model 1 Appearance Model: Similar to 4  , 10   , the appearance model consists of three components S  , W  , F   , where S component captures temporally stable images  , W component characterizes the two-frame variations  , F component is a fixed template of the target to prevent the model from drifting over time. Simply because the likelihood of generating the training data is maximized does not mean the evaluation metric under consideration  , such as mean average precision  , is also maximized. Even though these techniques are formally motivated  , they often do not maximize the correct objective function. The data contained in a single power spectrum for example figure  1 is generally modeled by a K dimensional joint probability density function pdf  , Signal detection is typically formulated as a likelihood of signal presence versus absence  , which is then compared to a threshold value. Therefore  , to evaluate the performance of ranking  , we use the standard information retrieval measures. the initiating events from Fig- ure 2 . Due to the larger number of false positives in the RGB likelihood function  , the covariance of the posterior PDF after an RGB update  , As well as computational advantages  , it allows the covariance of the posterior PDF to be solely controlled by the more reliable depth detector. As A ij in the above equation is an unobservable variable  , we can derive the following expected log likelihood function L 0   : The probability for generating a particular The probability for generating the set of all the attributes  ,   , in a Web page is as follows: where A ij means the i-th useful text fragment belongs to the j-th attribute class. If a trajectory of a person is observed from tracking people function  , we search the nearest 5 clusters to the trajectory and merge likelihood of each exception map to anticipate the person. A predicted position of a person is the expectation value of the position. where F is a function designed to penalize model complexity   , and q represents the number of features currently included in the model at a given point. Our Three Part Coding TPC approach uses a Minimum Description Length MDL 7 based coding scheme  , which we explain in the next section  , to specify another penalized likelihood method. Formally  , AICC = −2 lnL+2k n n−k+1   , where the hypothesis likelihood function   , L  , with k adjusted parameters shall be estimated from data assuming a prior distribution. Since this is a prediction task  , one may drop optimality for the sake of prediction performance   , adopting AICC instead. As the software development progresses  , we make the lookahead prediction of the number of software faults in the subsequent incremental system testing phase  , based on the NHPP-based SRMs. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Therefore  , the interval estimates are all discarded. Since the value of the likelihood function is small compared to the values in the generic domain   , there is only low confidence in the interval estimates computed for the runs in the NASA domain. The results will also show which one of the three point estimates derived from the interval estimate in subsection 2.8 should be used and what relative error to expect. The results will show which values of the likelihood function correspond to valid interval estimates and which do not. Attributes that range over a broader set of values e.g. , the list of fonts and plugins are more identifying than values shared by many devices e.g. , version of the operating system. One is the time-dependent content similarity measure between queries using the cosine kernel function; another is the likelihood for two queries to be grouped in a same cluster from the click-through data given the timestamp. From the definition of time-dependent marginalized kernel   , we can observe that the semantic similarity between two queries given the timestamp t is determined by two factors . This procedure assumes that all observations are statistically independent. Also  , the likelihood of choosing a test case may differ across the test pool  , hence we would also need a probability distribution function to accompany the test pool. For simplicity  , we assume that the accessible test cases do not vary significantly between the testing strategies based on the all-DUs and all-edges criteria. The system uses a threshold policy to present the top 10 users corresponding to contexts similar above θ = 0.65  , a value determined empirically to best balance the tradeoff between relevance  , and the likelihood of seeing someone else as we go on to describe in following sections. Essentially  , the cosine is a weighted function of the features the vectors have in common. Our approach is based on Theorem 1  , below  , which establishes that the log-likelihood as a function of C and α is unimodal; we therefore develop techniques based on optimization of unimodal multivariate functions to find the optimal parameters. Once we have selected a center  , we now have to optimize the other two parameters. From this point the top N candidates are passed to COGEX to re-rank the candidates based on how well the question is entailed by the given candidate answer. The log of the score of the answer likelihood was then added as a feature to the existing estimated relevance function embedded in PowerAnswer answer procesing Moldovan  , D. et al. , 2004. More generally  , let I be the number of samples collected and the probability that an individual j is captured in sample i be pij. nI be the sizes of samples drawn  , marked and returned to the population and the total number of distinct captured individuals be r. The likelihood function of N and p = p1  , ..pI  from data D is given by The retrieval function is: This type of model builds a probabilistic language model G d for each document d  , and then ranks documents for a given query based on the likelihood that each document's language model could have generated the query: P q|G d . In our implementation  , the product in Equation 5 is only performed over the query terms  , thereby providing a topicconditioned centrality measure biased towards the query. This scoring function is similar to the un-normalized entry generation likelihood from the feed language model.  Base on latent factor models  , the likelihood of the pairwise similarities are elegantly modeled as a function of the Hamming distance between the corresponding data points. Experimental results on two real datasets with semantic labels show that LFH can achieve much higher accuracy than other state-of-the-art methods with efficiency in training time. The general idea used in the paper is to create regularization for the graph with the assumption that the likelihood of two nodes to be in the same class can be estimated using annotations of the edge linking the two nodes. In this paper  , we propose a novel objective function in the graph regularization framework to exploit the annotations on the edges. Now  , since we actually perform our computations in the domain of the natural logarithm of the likelihood function  , we must fit these values with a polynomial of On this basis  , we utilize stochastic gradient descent to conduct the unconstrained optimization. Then the loss function is defined as the likelihood loss of ground truth based on Plackett-Luce model  , which can naturally model the sequential generation of a diverse ranking list. By applying the data transform technique  , we can also obtain higher likelihood distribution function and achieve more accurate estimates of distribution parameters. We apply the data transformation techniques to visualize the difference between the relevant and non-relevant document length on each test collection used. The results of fitting the heteroscedastic model in the data can be viewed below  , > summarylme2 Apart from the random and fixed effects section  , there is a Variance function section. The very small p-value of the likelihood ratio statistic confirms that the heteroscedastic model explains the data significantly better than the homoscedastic model. Therefore  , when the likelihood of a region x in a test image is computed  , concepts whose pdf's were estimated from " similar looking " vectors rt will have high a posteriori probability 6. image regions rt from all images labeled with c contribute to the estimate of the probability density function pdf f x|c. Similar to existing work 18   , the document-topic relevance function P d|t for topic level diversification is implemented as the query-likelihood score for d with respect to t each topic t is treated as a query. The query set for this experiment only contains 144 queries out of 147. There are nonredundant questions in top-5 positions of the re-ranked list. As fundamental function of GPS receivers  , not only its position measurement data hut also measurement indexes such as DOP Dilution Of Precision  , the number of satellites etc are available from the receiver. The likelihood 1 Izy or 1s see Section IV-B and IV-C is calculated with The projective contour points of the 3-D CAD forceps in relation to the pose and gripper states were stored in a database. In our case this is computationally intractable; the partition function Zz sums over the very large space of all hidden variables. Learning the values of the weights is achieved through maximisation of the conditional likelihood Equation 2 given labelled training data. Hence the quantity In the next section  , a probabilistic membership function PMF on the workspace is developed which describes the likelihood of sensing the object at a given location. The optimal value of a is sought to maximally constrain the object model. Although this method is harder to compute and requires more memory  , the convergence rate is greater near the optimal value than that of the gradient method. 2 Newton Method: The Newton method uses the second order properties of the log-likelihood function to compute descent direction. This section presents a different perspective on the point set registration problem. As mentioned earlier  , a 3D-NDT model can be viewed as a probability density function  , signifying the likelihood of observing a point in space  , belonging to an object surface as in 4 We assume that  , when no measurement information is available  , the feature can be anywhere in the 3D space with equal probability i.e. , an " uninformative " prior. A large number of particles are needed to maintain a fair representation of the aposteriori distribution  , and this number grows exponentially with the size of the model's configuration space 5. Using the expectations as well as uncertainties from our fingerprint model inside the new likelihood function  , we evaluate the influence of the new observation model in comparison to our previous results 1. Which is reasonable  , since the ghost-detections introduce a unique characteristic to the associated poses  , and thus seem to make up for the uncertainty by supplying additional information. A critical assumption is that evaders' motions are independent of the motions of the pursuer. After some algebra  , we find that the negative logarithm of posterior distribution corresponds to the following expression up to a constant term: Therefore  , in this paper we developed the following alternative method for estimating parameters µ and Σ for model 1 by following the ideas from 12 and taking into account our likelihood function 1. The solutions found by these two methods differ  , however  , in terms of RMS error versus the true trace  , both produce equally accurate traces. 16 for an excellent survey of this field. Thus  , there are can be no interior maxima  , and the likelihood function is thus maximized at some xv  , where the derivative is undefined. When we take the second derivative and collect terms  , we end up with P u ,v∈E cx − xv + b −2   , which is always positive. Note that while reputation is a function of past activities of an identity  , trustworthiness is a prediction for the future. Trustworthiness of an identity: The likelihood that the identity will respect the terms of service ToS of its domain in the future  , denoted by T rustID. for some nonnegative function T . As these factors are optimized jointly  , one may view the time factor as being the change in likelihood of copying a particular item from i steps back  , depending on how long ago in absolute time that past consumption occurred. To compute the signal parameter vector w  , we need a likelihood function integrating signals and w. As discussed in §2  , installed apps may reflect users' interests or preferences. Let A c be the set of installed apps on the device of composition However  , even if two different users both install the same app  , their interests or preferences related to that app may still be at different levels. are used in the subsequent M-step to maximize the likelihood function over the true parameters λ and µ. It can be shown 15  that the constraint maximization problem in step 6 is a concave program and therefore  , can be solved optimally and efficiently 4. We use predictions from C map to compute the MappingScore  , the likelihood that terminals in P are correct interpretation of corresponding words in S. C map . Predict function of the classifier predicts the probability of each word-toterminal mapping being correct. Based on the estimates of model parameters and the software metrics data  , the predictive likelihood function at the τ + 1-st increment is given by Hence  , we utilize the subjective estimate of Metric 2 predicted by the project manager  , ˆ yτ+1 ,j. Therefore  , one often gets a whole interval of numbers n where the likelihood function takes on its maximum value; in some cases  , one even gets a union of non-adjacent intervals . Figure 1  , the top location has a confidence of 1.0: In the past  , each time some programmer extended the fKeys array   , she also extended the function that sets the preference default values. First come the locations with the highest confidence—that is  , the likelihood that further changes be applied to the given location. For this objective  , Eguchi and Lavrenko 3 proposed sentiment retrieval models  , aiming at finding information with a specific sentiment polarity on a certain topic  , where the topic dependence of the sentiment was considered. Based on the information collected for each of the possible location IDs  , the task requires us to construct a ranked list of attractions. We estimated 2s + 1 means  , but assumed that all of the output functions shared a common covariance matrix. Specifically  , we represent a value for an uncertain measure as a probability distribution function pdf over values from an associated " base " domain. Intuitively  , an uncertain value encodes a range of possible values together with our belief in the likelihood of each possible value. Consider personalization of web pages based on user profiles. , 9  , 2  , and at sentence level  , e.g. , 4  , 5  , 8 ; however   , the accuracy is still less than desirable. The original language modeling approach as proposed in 9 involves a two-step scoring procedure: 1 Estimate a document language model for each document; 2 Compute the query likelihood using the estimated document language model directly. In the risk minimization framework presented in 4  , documents are ranked based on the following risk function: where is the likelihood function  , a mapping learned by the decoder   , which scores each derivation using the TM and LM. In this case  , the score of document D would be a weighted average of scores with respect to each candidate translation: The BNIRL likelihood function can be approximated using action comparison to an existing closed-loop controller  , avoiding the need to discretize the state space and allowing for learning in continuous demonstration domains. BNIRL limits the size of the candidate reward space to a finite set  , allowing for parallelized pre­ computation of approximate action value functions. Rather than considering only rectangular objects  , we propose approximating the likelihood function by integrating over an appropriate half plane. However  , it is not possible to use this method to evaluate the integral over the space outside of the object unless the object itself is rectangular. Large measurement likelihoods indicate that the particle set is distributed in a likely region of space and it is possible to decrease measurement model entropy. 1 We learn the mapping Θ by maximizing the likelihood of the observed times τi→j. We formalize this as τi→j ∼ f x; θ = Θai  , where Θ denotes a mapping from the space of actions A to the space of parameters of the probability density function f x; θ. This factor is determined by observations made by exteroceptive sensors in this case the camera  , and is a function of the similarity between expected measurements and observed measurements. As already mentioned  , EM converges to a local maximum of the observed data log-likelihood function L. However  , the non-injectivity of the interaural functions μ f and ξ f leads to a very large number of these maxima  , especially when the set of learned positions X   , i.e. , section 3.1  , is large. Interested readers can find a detailed solution in 7. Silhouette hypotheses were rendered from a cylindrical 3D body model to an binary image buffer using OpenGL. We utilize a basic likelihood function  , pzt | g −1 i yit  , that returns the similarity RA  , B of a particle's  sized silhouette with the observed silhouette image. In addition  , the beam-based sensor models excluding the seeing through problem described in Sec. To maintain a consistent representation of the underlying prior pxdZO:t-l' weight adjustment has to be carried out. The transition probability is defined as a function of the Euclidean distance between each pair of points. In this approach a probability matrix that defines the likelihood of jumping from one point to another is used to generate a random walk. Let Y H be the random variable that represents the label of the observed feature vector in the hypothesis space  , and Y F be the random variable that represents the label in the target function. We leave for future work the bias-variance decomposition of the log-likelihood loss as in 8. Because of this  , any estimate for which falls outside of this range is quite unlikely  , and it is reasonable to remove all such solutions from consideration by choosing appropriate bounds. We hypothesize that the double Pareto naturally captures a regime of recency in which a user recalls consuming the item  , and decides whether to re-consume it  , versus a second regime in which the user simply does not bring the item to mind in considering what to consume next; these two behaviors are fundamentally different  , and emerge as a transition point in the function controlling likelihood to re-consume. Instead  , we find that a double Pareto distribution can be fit to each user with a significant increase in overall likelihood. where α is the weight that specifies a trade-off between focusing on minimization of the log-likelihood of document sequence and of the log-likelihood of word sequences we set α = 1 in the experiments  , b is the length of the training context for document sequences  , and c is the length of the training context for word sequences. Given the architecture illustrated in Figure 1  , probability of observing one of the surrounding documents based on the current document Pdm+i|dm is defined using the soft-max function as given below , The likelihood function for the t observations is: Let t be the number of capture occasions observations  , N be the true population size  , nj be the number of individuals captured in the j th capture occasion  , Mt+1 be the number of total unique dividuals caught during all occasions  , p be the probability of an individual robot being captured and fj be the number of robots being observed exactly j times j < t. This differs from the simple-minded approach above  , where only a single starting pose is used for hill-climbing search  , and which hence might fail to produce the global maximum and hence the best map. In the M step  , we treat all the variables in Θ as parameters and estimate them by maximizing the likelihood function. The penalty term has a factor 1 + r e   , where r e is the ratio of documents that belong to event e. If the ratio r e for a specific event is high  , it will receive a stronger penalty in the size of its spatial and temporal deviations   , causing these variances to be restricted. Our rationale for splitting F in this way is that  , according to empirical findings reported in 11  , the likelihood of a user visiting a page presented in a search result list depends primarily on the rank position at which the page appears. where the output of F 1 is the rank position of a page of popularity x  , and F 2 is a function from that rank to a visit rate. The marginal likelihood has three terms from left to right  , the first accounts for the data fit; the second is a complexity penalty term encoding the Occam's Razor principle and the last is a normalisation constant. where K y = KX  , X + σ 2 I is the covariance matrix for the observations y made at locations X and where θ= θ represents a set of hyper-parameters specified according to a given covariance function. If an accurate model of the manipulator-object interaction were available  , then the likelihood of a given position measurement could be evaluated in terms of its proximity to an expected position measurement: P ˆ p i |modelx  , u  , where modelx  , u denotes the expected contact position given an object configuration x and manipulator control parameters  , u. Instead  , we propose a simpler but less informative measurement model created by integrating over all possible contact positions as a function of object pose: We now see that the confusion side helps to eliminate one of the peaks in the orientation estimate and the spatial likelihood function has helped the estimate converge to an accurate value. In this case since the object has been detected once from its non-confusion side  , the probability of o 1 being of class c 1 is now much higher and the orientation estimate is now nonambiguous with φ 1 ≈ 258  as shown in Figure 11. In MyDNS  , a low aux value increases the likelihood of the corresponding server to be placed high in the list. A load balancing function uses the aux value associated with each RR record to sort the answers in the response's addresses. The order of the answers determines the server that will be used by the client: the client uses the first operational server from the list. Table 4 presents results of two sets of experiments using the step + exponential function  , with what we subjectively characterize as " slow " decay and " fast " decay. Finally  , we show that with specific efficiency functions  , our " Slow " Decay Rate Wt10g t = 150ms  , α = −0.05 Gov2 t = 5s  , α = −0.1 Clue t = 7s  , α = −0.01 learned models converge to either baseline query-likelihood or the weighted sequential dependence model  , thus illustrating the generality of our framework in subsuming ranking approaches that only take into account effectiveness. In order to investigate this issue a relevant set of training data must be generated for a case with potential collisions  , e.g. This way  , the likelihood of a collision occurring due to on-line trajectory corrections is minimal and the resulting inequality constraints may well be handled in a sufficient computational run time a collision detection function call was measured to last 8e10 −7 seconds. However  , this pQ normalization factor is useful if we want a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and if we want to be able to compare scores across different queries. Since pQ is constant for all documents Di given a specific query Q  , it does not affect the ranking of the documents and can be safely removed from the scoring function . However  , we choose to keep this factor because it helps to provide a meaningful interpretation of the scores as a relative change in the likelihood and allows the document scores to be more comparable across different topics. As discussed in Section 2.1  , the pQ normalization factor in the scoring function 2 does not affect the ranking of the documents because it is constant for all documents Di given a specific topic Q. Therefore  , the AUCEC scores of a random selection method under full credit will depend on the underlying distribution of bugs: large bugs are detected with a high likelihood even when inspecting only a few lines at random  , whereas small bugs are unlikely to be detected when inspecting 5% of lines without a good selection function. Full Credit  , on the other hand  , assigns the credit for detecting a bug as soon as a single line of the bug is found. This ideal situation occurs when a search engine's repository is exactly synchronized with the Web at all times  , such that W L = W. Hence  , we denote the highest possible search repository quality as QW  , where: As long as the inspection likelihood function Ir is monotonically nonincreasing  , the expected cumulative score of visited pages is maximized when pages are always presented to users in descending order of their true score SWp  , q. We do not provide the expressions for computing the gradients of the logarithm of the likelihood function with respect to the configurations' parameters  , because such expressions can be computed automatically using symbolic differentiation in math packages such as Theano 3. We estimate the relevance of a document d to a query q using the probability of click on d when d appears on the first position  , i.e. , P C1 = 1 | q  , d. That is  , upon disconnection  , the preDisconnect method in the Accounts complet looks up for a customer account that matches the currently visited customer  , and if found  , sets its priority to High  , thereby increasing the likelihood of cloning that complet. In order to address the special need to download specific account complet as a function of the sales agent's location  , we use the d y n a m i c reference configuration capability of FarGO-DA. For a query q consisting of a number of terms qti  , our reference search engine The Indri search engine would return a ranked list of documents using the query likelihood model from the ClueWeb09 category B dataset: Dqdq ,1  , dq ,2  , ..  , dq ,n where dq ,i refers to the document ranked i for the query q based on the reference search engine's standard ranking function. In the next sections describing our runs  , we will use the following terminology. It may be assumed that training points representing collision-free solutions would be generated with conservative sizes of the representative polytopes in the problem at hand. In a simple case it is likely that the test for correct assembly would occur first  , followed by tests for the most likely The structure of such a tree should ideally be determined with reference to some cost function which takes into account such parameters as the likelihood of a given error occurring  , the time taken to test for its presence and the time and financial cost in recovery. Indeed  , examining the positive examples in our data as a function of time-of-day and day-of-week  , we observe a greater likelihood of urgent health searching occurring outside of working hours and on weekends Table 4 . In the evenings and on weekends people may more typically pursue other interests  , bringing them into situations with higher risk of injury and of placing additional strain on their bodies—and creating opportunity for unforeseen accidents. The effectiveness of a strategy for a single topic is computed as a function of the ranks of the relevant documents. In the experimental paradigm assumed in this paper  , each retrieval strategy to be compared produces a ranked list of documents for each topic in a test collection  , where the list is ordered by decreasing likelihood that the document should be retrieved for that topic. Using this transfer function and global context as a proxy for δ ctxt   , the fitted model has a log-likelihood of −57051 with parameter β = 0.415 under-ranked reviews have more positive δ ctxt which in turn means more positive polarity due to a positive β. Overall  , the model captures the key trends in the data  , including a decrease in voting polarity with rank on the diagonal  , and the increase in voting polarity for reviews that are ranked too low. In this project we rely on data that have passed through the first two levels of the pipeline and we will focus primarily on the elaboration of the remaining two steps. Thus our idea is to optimize the likelihood part and the regularizer part of the objective function separately in hope of finding an improvement of the current Ψ. According to GEM  , we do not have to find the local maximum of QΨn+1; Ψn at every M step; instead  , we only need to find a better value of Ψ in the M-step  , i.e. , to ensure QΨn+1; Ψn ≥ QΨn; Ψn. We also look at friendship probability as a function of rank where rank is the number of people who live closer than a friend ranked by distance  , and note that in general  , people who live in cities tend to have friends that are more scattered throughout the country. However  , at shorter ranges  , distance does not play as large of a role in the likelihood of friendship. For scalability  , we bucket all the queries by their distance from the center  , enabling us to evaluate a particular choice of C and α very quickly. cur i u can be viewed as a curiousness score mapped from an item's stimulus on the curiosity distribution. Once the curiosity distribution is estimated  , we can obtain the likelihood that the user is curious about an item with sd  , i.e. , the user's curiousness on item i given its sd  , denoted by cur i u = pdfusd  , where pdf is the probability density function of Cu. The constant k mitigates the impact of uments according to the pairwise relation rd1 < rd2  , which is determined for each d1  , d2 by majority vote among the input rankings. Note that this differs from when emergency rooms are more likely to receive visits 18  , suggesting that urgent search engine temporal patterns may differ from ER visit patterns. Pseudo negative judgments are sampled from the bottom of a ranked list of a thousand retrieved documents R using the language modeling query likelihood scoring function. 2 Unless otherwise specified  , we set the total number of sampled pseudo queries Q to 400  , and the average number of pseudo positive dp and negative judgments dn for each query to 10 and 20  , respectively  , keeping the ratio of positive to negative judgments at 0.5. The main message to take away from this section is that we use distributed representations sequences of vector states as detailed in §3.1 to model user browsing behavior. This is reflected in Table 6: as the bug-fix threshold increases  , the random AUCEC scores increase as well. Ranked query evaluation is based on the notion of a similarity heuristic  , a function that combines observed statistical properties of a document in the context of a collection and a query  , and computes a numeric score indicating the likelihood that the document is an answer to the query. The upper limit k is decided at index construction time  , and is typically a value such as k = 8. QLQ  , A + sub achieves significant better results than all the other systems do at 0.01 level for all evaluation metrics  , except for bigram-ROUGE precision score when b = 50 and TFIDF cosine similarity score when b = 100. Using the submodular function to re-rank the questions retrieved by simple and combined query likelihood language model denoted as QLQ +sub and QLQ  , A + sub  , respectively show better results over corresponding retrieval models for all evaluation metrics. All models work according to the same principle: comparing a pseudodocument D built from entity-specific tweets with a background corpus C. This comparison allows us to score a term t using a function st  , D  , C. However  , since the ultimate position of manipulator contacts on an object is a complex function of the second-order impedances of the manipulator and object  , creating such a model can be prohibitively difficult. For the importance of time in repeat consumption  , we show that the situation is complex. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization.  Query execution. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Specify individual optimization rules. Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. is implemented as a rule-based system. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Meta query optimization. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. Optimization. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. This is exactly the concept of Coarse-Grained Optimization CGO. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. The optimization on this query is performed twice. This query is shown in Figure 7. 33. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. Breaking the Optimization Task. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. ? The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. 4. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. 5 21. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. The optimization of each stage can use statistics cardinality   , histograms computed on the outputs of the previous stages. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Cost-based query optimization techniques for XML 22  , 29 are also related to our work. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. The iterative approach controls the overall complexity of the combined problem. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. However  , the multi-query optimization technique can provide maximized capabilities of data sharing across queries once multiple queries are optimized as a batch. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. In this section we present experimental results. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. 17  and object-oriented approaches e.g. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. Query open doesn't have the query subject. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. This allows the result of one query to be used in the next query. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. 1. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. 0 That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. The signature of the SumScan operator is: open. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. Astrahan  , et al. What happens when considering complex queries ? We showed the optimization of a simple query. This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. 13 for query q. And does this have impact with our technique ? We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. To avoid unnecessary materializations  , a recent study 6 introduces a model that decides at the optimization phase which results can be pipelined and which need to be materialized to ensure continuous progress in the system. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. , Euclidean and the optimization objective is minimization. This definition is very general  , and almost any type of query can be considered as a special case of model-based optimization query. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Figure 2shows that the optimization cost of all three queries is comparable  , although Q 2 has a noticeably lower optimization cost. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Figure 2a and Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. For the query performance  , the SP queries give the best performance  , which is expected and consistent with the query length comparison. RDF native query engines typically use heuristics and statistics about the data for selecting efficient query execution plans 27. In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The inherent cost of query optimization is compounded by the fact that typically each new query that is submitted to the database system is optimized afresh. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. In fact  , the query performance of query engines is not just affected by static query optimization techniques but  , for instance  , also by the design of index structures or the accuracy of statistical information. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. To our knowledge  , Mariposa was never deployed or simulated on more than a dozen machines  , and offered no new techniques for query execution  , only for query optimization and storage replication. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. These include: Reweighting query terms Query expansion based on term selection value Query optimization weights anddor selection of terms Threshold optimization. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of SELECT c custkey  , COUNT * FROM Customer  , Supplier WHERE c nationkey = s nationkey GROUPBY c custkey Figure 1: A Simple Example Query query optimization Section 5. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. On the one hand  , the kinds of identities above attest to the naturality of our deenitions. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. The main query uses these results. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. In Section 2  , query model is formalized by defining all the algebraic operations required to compute answers to a query. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. The " wholistic " approaches  , e.g. , 26  , 41  , consider an optimization graph-logical or physical--representing the entire query. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. SQL-based query engines rely on relational database systems storage and query optimization techniques to efficiently evaluate SPARQL queries. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. Data sources are described by service descriptions see Section 3.1. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . We discuss extensions in $2.3. JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Section 3 explains query generation without using a large lexicon. , April 21–25  , 2008ACM 978-1-60558-085-2/08/04. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Unfortunately  , restructuring of a query is not feasible if it uses different types of distance-combining functions. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. These operations provide the framework to enable useful extensions to data modeling. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. A simplr I ,RU type strategy like strategy W  , ignoring the query semantics  , performs very badly. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. Validity  , reliability  , and efficiency are more complex issues to evaluate. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Data is not replicated and is guaranteed to be fresh at query time. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. We consider that this is due to a better consideration of this query particular pattern. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The attributes involved in each query will be different. The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. query optimization  , query rewriting  , views  , update. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. When these optimization-time assumptions are violated at execu-tion time  , m-optimization is needed or performance suffers. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. Manual optimization is easily possible without having to know much about the query engine's internals. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. The query optimizer can naturally exploit this second optimization by dynamically building a temporary graph view: bfaidhd = e QEdge:rmdtypd'main mad " @oad and by applying Paths0 on it. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. The notation is summarized in Integrated Semantic Query Optimization ISQO: This is the problem of searching the space of all possible query execution plans for all the semantically equivalent queries  , hut stopping the search when the total query evaluation time i.e. Query Language: An E-ADT can provide a query language with which expressions over values of/that E-ADT can be specified for example  , the relation E-ADT'may provide SQL as the query language  , and the sequence E-ADT may provide SEQinN. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. However  , we decided to build a new overall optimization framework for a number of reasons: Previous work has considered the optimization of single path expressions e.g. , GGT96  , SMY90. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. Techniques for dynamic query re-optimization 1615 attempt to detect sub-optimal plans during query execution and possibly re-use any intermediate results generated to re-compute the new optimal plan. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. Our techniques are in the same spirit of work on identifying common expressions within complex queries for use in query optimization 25. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. Optimizing a query into a single plan may result in a substantially sub-optimal plan if the actual values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Second  , we present a new optimization called the control-aware optimization   , which can improve the efficiency of streaming code. When the SQL engine parses the query  , it passes the image expression to the image E-ADT   , which performs type checking and returns an opaque parse structure ParseStruct. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. Graefe and Ward 15 focused on determining when re-optimizing a given query that is issued repeatedly is necessary. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. Yet  , layering enables us to view the optimization problem for SPJ+Aggregation query engine as the problem of moving and replicating the partitioning and aggregation functions on top of SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. In CCM96  an algebraic framework for the optimization of generalized path expressions in an OODBMS is proposed  , including an approach that avoids exponential blow-up in the query optimizer while still offering flexibility in the ordering of operations. In section 6 the performance measurement is presented  , and finally section 7 summarizes our experiences and outlines future work. Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. Both solutions deal with dynamic reoptimization of parts of a single query  , but they do not save and exploit this knowledge for the next query optimization run. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. Another topic for future \irork is providing support for cancelling submitted subqueries to the scheduler when a restrict or a join node yields an empty result. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. The searcher is able to study  , in a convenient and effortless way  , the effects of query changes. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. l Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Furthermore  , service descriptions can include statistical information used for query optimization. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. In many RDF applications  , e.g. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. mi. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. Pipelined join execution is a Pipelining optimization. Generate the set of equivalent queries. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. The optimization in Eq. The numbering in the query canvas implies the order in which the faces are specified. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. If the CHECK condition is violated  , CHECK triggers re-optimization. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. A large body of work exists on query optimization in databases. There are several open challenges for our CQ architecture. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. Identifying common sub-expressions is central to the problem of multiple query optimization. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . In the next section  , we describe query evaluation in INQUERY. The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. Suppose we derive h hit-sequences from a query document. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. We start explaining DJ's techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. 5.2. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Query execution times are  , in theory  , unbounded. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . , which makes the optimization infeasible. Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. by avoiding re-hashing if such information was easily available. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. The idea of using integrity constraints to optimize queries is not new. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. Unlike current extraction approaches  , we show that this framework is highly amenable to query optimization . The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. , result merging  , where best performing systems in selected categories e.g. , short query  , top 10 systems  , etc. This year  , we devised another alternative fusion weight determination method called Auto-Fusion Optimization. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. All of these sources of errors can trigger re-optimization because of a violation of the validity ranges. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. The need for optimizing methods in object bases has been motivated by GM88  , LD91. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The information needed for optimization and query translation itself comes from a text file " OptimizationRules " . The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. When compared through this metrics  , many more tentative PTs are kept during the search  , thereby increasing significantly the optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. Most of our results concern transaction equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. For this purpose; we extended randomized strategies for parallel optimization  , and demonstrated their effectiveness. Further  , we also improve on their solution. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Second  , the proposed incremental optimization strategy has a limitation. Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. We address the problem of parallel query optimization  , which is to find optimal parallel plans for executing SQL queries. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. Others question the propriety of removing DBMS services such as query optimization and views and suggest utilizing only high level interfaces. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. The primary contribution of this research is to underscore the importance of algebraic optimization for sequence queries along with a declarative language in which to express them. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. Researchers interested in optimization for XQuery can implement their work in a context where the details of XQuery cannot be overlooked. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. Edge optimization and sort splitting and embedding seem to be particularly promising for order-dependent queries. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. The architecture of our query optimizer is based on the Cascades framework 3  , which enables defining new relational operators and optimization rules for them. However  , we can think of static optimization such as determining whether a query or a subquery is type-invalid early by inspecting the type information to avoid useless evaluation over potentially large amounts of irrelevant data. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. The threshold K was calculated dynamically per query using the Score-Distributional Threshold Optimization SDTO 1. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. If the outer query already uses GROUP-BY then the above optimization can not be applied. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. and in-memory table optimization  , is carried out during this step. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. Finally query generation tools tend to generate non-minimal queries 31. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. Although the precision decreased by several percent  , especially in the middle ranges in recall  , the combined optimization speeded retrieval by a factor of 10. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. We deem query plan optimization an integral part of an efficient query evaluation. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. Our approach incorporates a traditional query optimizer T&O  , as a component. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. As will be shown  , the different formats offer different tradeoffs  , both during query optimization and query execution. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. Having late binding in the query language is necessary @ the presence of inheritance and operator overloading. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Any query-dependent feature or combination of thereof can be used for query binning. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. Moreover  , our approach is effective for any join query and predicate combinations. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. These include exact match of the query text and equivalent host types from where the query originated. The task of the query optimizer is to build a feasible and cost-effective query execution plan considering limitations on the access patterns. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. For this modularity  , we pay the penalty of inefficient query optimizers that do not tightly couple alternate query generation with cost-based optimization . DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . Statistics about the remote databases are collected and maintained at II for later use by the optimizer for costing query plans. We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. , they do not include query optimization overhead. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. The evolution of relational databases into Object-Relational databases has created the need for relationally complete and declarative Object-Oriented 00 query languages. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Secondly  , many query optimizers work on algebraic representations of queries  , and try to optimize the order of operations to minimize the cost while still computing an algebraically equivalent query. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. Heurirtic Marching: We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization derives a strategy for transmitting and joining these relations in order to minimize query total time or query response time. FluXQuery is  , to our knowledge  , the first XQuery engine that optimizes query evaluation using schema constraints derived from DTDs 1 . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. We have presented and evaluated PLASTIC  , a valueaddition tool for query optimizers that attempts to efficiently and accurately predict  , given previous training instances   , what plans would be chosen by the optimizer for new queries. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. A natural example of such a query is searching for catalog items by price and description. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. Since the worklist is now empty  , we have completed the query and return the best point. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. A prominent example in which this can happen is a query with a Boolean AND expression if one of the subexpressions returns false and the other one returns an error. There are several reasons for wanting to restrict the design of a query tree. Planning a function like S&QWN causes the optimization of the embedded query to be performed. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. In addition to the early work on Web queries  , query execution over Linked Data on the WWW has attracted much attention recently 9 ,10 ,12 ,13 ,14. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. It remains future work to investigate whether and when re-optimization of a query should take place. E.g. , Given two topic names  , " query optimization " and " sort-merge join "   , the Prerequisite metalink instance " query optimization Pre sort-merge join  , with importance value 0.8 " states that " prerequisite to viewing  , learning  , etc. Metalinks represent relationships among topics not sources; i.e. , metalinks are " meta " relationships. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. These optimizations are similar to rewrite rules used in conventional single-query optimization 4 as well as in multi-query optimization 1  , 6. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Transforming PIVOT into GROUP BY early in query compilation for example  , at or near the start of query optimization or heuristic rewrite requires relatively few changes on the part of the database implementer. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. STON89 describes how the XPRS project plans on utilizing parallelism in a shared-memory database machine. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. If the operator detects that the actual statistics deviate considerably from the optimizer's estimates  , the current execution plan is stopped and a new plan is used for the remainder of the query. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. CHS99  proposes least expected cost query optimization which takes distribution of the parameter values as its input and generates a plan that is expected to perform well when each parameter takes a value from its distribution at run-time. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. This is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Table 5we show CPU costs with this optimization  , for queries with expected query range sizes of 7 days  , 30 days  , and one year  , under the uniform and biased query model. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. We found that  , counter to general wisdom regarding the max score optimization  , max score and our technique did not work as effectively on our expanded query set as on title queries. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. We observed that this optimization also helps in making the final SQL query less sensitive to input schema. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . Cost-based query optimization was introduced in SAC+79. For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. It is evident that the result of a general OPAC query involves the solution of an optimization problem involving a potentially complex aggregation constraint on relation   , the nature of the aggregation constraint  , and the optimization objective  , different instances of the OPAC query problem arise. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. The results in 16  indicate that  , for purposes of query optimization  , the benefits of identifying kth-order dependencies diminish sharply as k increases beyond 2. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Fre87  , GD87  , Loh88 made rule-based query optimization popular  , which was later adopted in the object-oriented context  , as e.g. , OS90  , KM90  , CD92. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. Our approach is to do local optimization of the resolvents of late bound functions and then define DTR in terms of the locally optimized resolvents. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. While this technique has its own advantages  , it does not produce efficient SQL queries for simple XML queries that contain the descendant axis // like the example in Section 2.1. However  , what should be clear is that given such cost-estimates  , one could optimize inductive queries by constructing all possible query plans and then selecting the best one. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. query language BDHS96  , FS98 is based on a graph-structured data model similar to OEM. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. Due to lack of code shipping  , techniques for parallel and distributed query optimization   , e.g. , fragment-replicate joins 26  , are inapplicable in our scenario. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. POP detects this during runtime  , as the validity range for a specific part of a query plan is violated  , and triggers re-optimization. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. After developing the complete path algebra  , we can apply standard query optimization techniques from the area of database systems see e.g. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. To establish the framework for modeling search strategies  , we view the query optimization problem as a search problem in the most general sense. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. Because of the fundamentally different architectures of in-memory and on-disk models  , the considerations regarding query optimization are very different. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. Experiment 5 showed that the common subexpression optimization could reduce query execution time by almost a factor of two. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The work in 24 proposes rate-based query optimization as a replacement of the traditional cost-based approach. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. Further  , ROLEX accepts a navigational profile associated with a view query and uses this profile in a costbased optimizer to choose a best-cost navigational query plan. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. The size of the plan space is a function of the query size and complexity but also proportional to the number of exploration rules that created alternatives during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. The optimizer should also treat the optimization time as a critical resource. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. Further  , even when errors were made  , only marginal additional execution costs were incurred due to the sub-optimal plan choices. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. As seen in Figures 3 and 4  , there are five optimization problems to be solved for each query of each run one for each measure. While search efficiency was one of the central concerns in the design and implementation of the Volcano optimizer generator 8  , these issues are orthogonal to the optimization of scientific computations  , and are not addressed in this paper. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. On the other hand  , optimizing a query into a single plan at compilation time may result in a substantially suboptimal plan if the actual parameter values are different from those assumed at optimization time GW89. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. If the graph is unreliable  , the optimization results will accordingly become unreliable. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . : Many of these identities enable optimization via query rewriting. Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. , 9. Example constraints include " housearea ≤ lot-area " and " price ≥ 10 ,000 " . Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. Memory management. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. They also propose techniques for incorporating these alternative choices for cost based query optimization. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. 20 focuses on the optimization of the top-k queries. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. Some alternatives are discussed in Has95. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . Parallelism is however recognized as a very important optimization feature for recursive query evaluation. l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. l Deciding between different plans requires cost-based optimization of the image expression. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. Repetition is eliminated  , making queries easier to ready  , write  , and maintain. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. SchemaSQL 5 implements transposing operations. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. It can also be used with traditional multiple-query optimization MQO schemes. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. The user can specm  , for example  , that WEIGHT =< WEIGHTtPREV. The rest of the paper is organized as follows. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Table 2shows the speedup for each case. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. De Raedt et al. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. The query coordinator prepares the execution depending on resource availability in the Grid. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. Section 5 reviews previous work on index structures for object-oriented data bases. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. Precomputed join indexes are proposed in 46 . We envision three lines of future research. We enforced C&C constraints by integrating C&C checking into query optimization and evaluation. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Service call invocations will be tracked and displayed to illustrate query optimization and execution. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. Each query was run with an initially empty buffer. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Deshpande et al. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization. The result is consistently faster response times.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. On the other hand  , in the SQL tradition  , W3QL was a declarative query language that offered opportunities for optimization. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Our work is unique in the following respects. Furthermore. Sophisticated optimization will be used to separate the original query inlo pieces targeted for individual data sources whose content and order of execution are optimal. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. In this demo  , we highlight the schema-based optimization SQO on one abstraction level. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. We then show how to compile such a program into an execution plan. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. The prototype of OntoQuest is implemented with Java 1.4.2 on top of Oracle 9i. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. The problem of sharing the work between multiple queries is not new. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. This assumption is also validated by our experiments Section 7. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Then  , this m%imal Query PCN is build in main memory. Section 2 provides an overview of BP-Mon  , and Section 3 briefly describes the underlying formal model. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. But within that  , we maintain multiple tables of hundreds of millions of rows each. The existing optimizers  , eg. The approach of simultaneous query optimization will lead to each such plan being generated exactly once for all the queries optimized together. query execution time. For SQO  , we have to consider the trade-off between the cost of optimization and solution quality i.e. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. As last year  , on this occasion we have tried only the threshold optimization. A similar concept is proposed in DeWitt & Gray 92. In addition to syntactic rules  , we may also study the domain-specific rules for inferring new triples using provenance  , temporal or spatial information. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . This optimization would unnest such a subquery. Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. The basic idea of global planning is the same as query optimization in database management systems. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. Some optimization techniques were designed  , but not all of them were implemented . A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. Such operator sharing is even the cornerstone of the Q-Pipe architecture 14. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In fact  , as explained in Sect. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. This model can be exploited for data management and  , in particular  , we will use it for query optimization purposes. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. 3  , 9  both consider a single optimization technique using one type of schema constraint. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. And this doesn't even consider the considerable challenges of optimizing XQuery queries! Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. These valid ranges can be propagated through the entire query as described in SLR94. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. The second difficulty can be resolved by introducing imaginary tuples. Resolve ties by choosing fragment that has the greater number of queries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. Finally  , consider the two major approaches to qitcry optimization for regular databases. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. In practice  , the test searcher did not face any time constraints. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. a given query node to Orn time  , thus needing Orn 2  time for all-pairs SimRank. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. Hence  , it is not surprising that for certain queries no optimization is achieved at all. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. 5.3. Section 3 presents our RAM lower bound query execution model. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. First  , users can calculate the whole Skycube in one concise and semantic-clear query  , instead of issuing 2 d − 1 skyline queries. To our best knowledge  , the containment of nested XQuery has so far been studied only in 9  , 18  , and 10. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. Finally  , conclusions appear in Section 5. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. The query evaluation and optimization strategies are then described in Sections 4 and 5. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. These are topics of future research. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. Also we can avoid creating any edges to an existence-checking node. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. The results of our optimization experiments are shown in Tables 2 and 3. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The approach is based on applying the Cross Entropy optimization method 13 upon permutations of the list. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. As a result  , many runtime checks are avoided. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. Ct An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The arrangement of query modification expressions can be optimized. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. However  , such approaches have not exploited the query optimization techniques existing in the DBMSs. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. A CIM application has been prototyped on top of the system RF'F95. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. Section 5 concludes the paper. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Our query optimizer translates user queries written in XQuery into optimized FluX queries. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. For example  , using Logistic functions can naturally avoid the range constrains over query weights in optimization. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. Then we give an overview of how a query is executed; this naturally leads to hub selection and query optimization issues. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. Second  , a declarative query language such as SQL can insulate the users from the details of data representation and manipulation   , while offering much opportunity in query optimization. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Histograms of element occurrences  , attribute occurrences  , and their corresponding value occurrences aid in query optimization. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. These characteristics also impact the optimization of queries over these sources. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. A catalog service in a large distributed system can be used to determine which nodes should receive queries based on query content. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. shows whether query graph q l has feature fi  , and z jl indicates whether database graph gj is pruned for query graph q l . The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. The control we present here is designed to support thii kind of extensibility. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. It is the task of the query optimizer to produce a reasonable evaluation strategy  161. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. Knowledge discovery in databases initiates a new frontier for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The query tree is then further optimized through view merging and subquery to join conversion and operator tree optimization. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Formalization cordtl cotlcern utilization of viewers in languages  , for example  , in query operators or programming primitives. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Our R-SOX system  , built with Raindrop 4  , 6  , 5 as its query engine kernel  , now can specify runtime schema refinements and perform a variety of runtime SQO strategies for query optimization. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Even for simple temporal queries  , this approach results in long XQuery programs. There is no other need for cooperation except of the support of the SPARQL protocol. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. The broad architecture of the solution is shown in Figure 4. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Another exciting direction for future work is to derive analytical models 12 that can accurately estimate the query costs. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Finally  , we note that query containment has also been used in maintenance of integrity constraints 19  , 15  and knowledge-base ver- ification 26. Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. Thus we can benefit from the proposed query optimization techniques of Section 3 even if we do not have any stored kernels in the database. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. Currently  , we support two join implementations: However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. Evaluating the query tests obviously takes time polynomial in the size of the view instance and base update. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. MXQuery does not have a cost-based query optimizer . Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. For OODAPLEX  , we had developed an algebra  , OOAlgebra   , as the target language for query compilation DAYA89 . SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The server functions are supported by five modules to augment the underlying database system multimedia manipulation and search capability. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Terms with long inverted lists will therefore be examined last since the query terms are sorted by decreasing query weight. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. As we show  , this framework is a generalization and unification of current state-of-the-art concept weighting 6  , 18  , 31 and query expansion 24  , 15 models. Similarly  , we weight the query terms according to whether they are sub-concepts or not. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. , there is a D-dimensional intents vector for each query. To solve the optimization problem in 6  , we use a matrix V and let V = XA T . The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. 1 Suppose the following conditions hold for the example: This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. For this query and many others  , such a finding guarantees that the query result is empty. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. When query optimization occurs prior to execution  , resource requests must be deferred until runtime. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. In particular  , we may be able to estimate the cost of a query Q for an atomic configuration C by using the cost of the query for a " simpler " configuration C'. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Summary-based optimization The rewritten query can be more efficient if it utilizes the knowledge of the structural summary. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. UFA98 describes orthogonal work to incorporate cost-based query optimization into query scrambling. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. However restricting attention to this class of rules means not to exploit the full potential of query optimization. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. For an overview and references  , see the chapters on query optimization in MA831 or UL82. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. The first one is about the consequences of these results for data fragmentation. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. We defined transformation rules on top of the SQGM to provide means for rewriting and simplifying the query formulation. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. the input threshold. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. Therefore  , a static optimizer should reverse the triple patterns. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. Typically cursors involve different optimization  , execution and locking strategies depending on a variety of userspecified options. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. No optimization techniques are used. Copyright 2007 VLDB Endowment  , ACM 978-1-59593-649-3/07/09. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. Reordering Boxes. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. In this case  , the estimated cost for the query is the same as that over a database with no indexes. 19851. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. This is more efficient because X is only accessed once. General query optimization is infeasible. Without this restriction  , transducers can be used for example to implement arbitrary iterative deconstructors or Turing machines. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. In principle  , the optimal plan generated by parametric query optimization may be different. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. The DSMS performs only one instance of an operation on a server node with fewer power  , CPU  , and storage constraints. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. Many provide limited transaction facilities e.g. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. In this example  , TableAccess has only two alternative definitions  , while TableScan has only three. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. Using conditional compilation allows the compiler freedom to produce the most efficient code for each query optimization technique. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. al. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. In this case DARQ has few possibilities to improve performance by optimization. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Inferred secondary orderings or groupings can be used to infer new primary orderings or groupings. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. Section 6 compares query optimization strategies  , transformationfree with SA and II. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The knowledge gamed in performance tests can subsequently be built into optimization rules. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. Database snapshots are another example of stored  , derived relations ALgO. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Some RDBMSs have means to associate optimization hints with a query without any modification of the query text. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. They address the issue of equivalence decidability of regular path queries under such constraints. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins. The query is input on the user's PC  , or basestation.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. Optimization of query plans using query information improves the performance of all alternatives  , and the addition of DTD-based optimizations improves them further. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. Since query execution and optimization techniques were far more advanced  , DBAs could no longer rely on a simplistic model of the engine. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. The query optimizer makes use of transformation rules which create the search space of query plan alternatives. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. This is different from  , but related to  , the use of constraints in the area of semantic query optimiza- tion CGM88. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. The advantage of this approach is that we can exploit the existing techniques in an XQuery engine such as the query optimization and query evaluation. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. Or for an XQuery that has nested subqueries  , a failed pattern in the inner query should not affect the computations in the outer query discussed more in Section 3.1. The query is interesting because it produces an intermediate result 1676942 facts that is orders of magnitude larger than the final results 888 facts. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. The effect is equivalent to that of optimizing the query using a long optimization time. Learning can also be performed with databases containing noisy data and excep tional cases using database statistics. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. database systems e.g. , Dayal  , 19841 appears t ,o be ap plicahle to spatial query opt ,imizat.ion. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. That effect is more considerable for the first query since that query will use larger memory. This is an open question and may require further research. Although this will eliminate the need for a probe query  , the dynamic nature of the switch operator provides only dynamic statistics which makes further query optimization very difficult. The Periscope/SQ optimizer rewrites this query using the algebraic properties of PiQA and cost estimates for different plans. Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. It then modifies queries by randomly adding or deleting query terms. The resulting megaplan is stored for subsequent execution by an extended execution engine. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. Our aim is to eliminate this limitation by " normalixing " the query to keep only semantic information that is tmessay to evaluate the query. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. When one uses the query term selection optimization  , the character-based signature file generates another problem. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. CPL is implemented on top of an extensible query system called Kleisli2  , which is written entirely in ML 19.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. In this case  , one could actually employ the following query plan: Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. Nevertheless  , there are many remaining opportunities for further research. We use a popular LDC shingle dataset to perform two optimizations. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Clearly  , main memory graph implementations do not scale. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. In addition  , entries need only be made for tuples within the selectivity range of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Note that during optimization only the support structures are set up  , i.e. Those benefits are limited  , as in any other software technology  , by theoretical results.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. Over-costing good plans is less of a concern in practice. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. Apers and is optimal  , given the existing query strategies. While we do have some existing solutions  , these are topics that we are currently exploring further. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. As these methods do not pre-compile the queries  , they generate call loops to the DBMS which are rather inefficient. 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. 15 only considers numeric attributes and selection on a single relation  , while our method needs to handle arbitrary attributes and multiple relations. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. We have described GORDIAN  , a novel technique for efficiently identifying all composite keys in a dataset. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. However  , deciding whether a given index is eligible to evaluate a specific query predicate is much harder for XML indexes than for relational indexes. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. We pick the Starburst query optimizer PHH92 and mention how and where our transformations can be used. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. There has also been a lot of work on the use of constraints in query optimization of relational queries 7  , 13  , 25. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with database based stores  , native stores greatly reduce the load and update time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS I am grateful to my supervisor Kalervo J~velin  , and to the FIRE group: Heikki Keskustalo  , Jaana Kekiilainen  , and others. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. shows the time needed for query planning and optimization transformation time. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. Using service descriptions provides a powerful way to dynamically add and remove endpoints to the query engine in a manner that is completely transparent to the user. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. We focus here on the direct use of discovered constraints by the query optimizer. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. SQL Server 2005 also introduces optimizations for document order by eliminating sort operations on ordered sets and document hierarchy  , and query tree rewrites using XML schema information. In their relational test implementation they also consider only selection and join. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. Compared with DBMS based systems Minerva and DLDB  , it greatly reduced the load time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. Second  , the query-expansion feature used is in fact often derived from query co-clicks 13   , thus similar to our query log based positive signals. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . Concurrently  , the query feature vector is stored in the Query Cluster Database  , as a new cluster representative. The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. The query optimization operation in the proposed form is restricted to the Boolean IR model since it presumes that the query results are distinct sets. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. In a conventional optimizer we have a single value as the cost for an operation or a plan and a single optimal plan for a query/sub-query expression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. This approach recognizes the interdependencies between the data allocation and query optimization problems  , and the characteristics of local optimum solutions. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. This bug corresponds to mysqld-1 in Table 3  Enable the concurrent_insert=1 to allow concurrent insertion when other query operations to the same table are still pending. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. We develop a query optimization framework to allow an optimizer to choose the optimal query plan based on the incoming query and data characteristics. To control the join methods used in the query plans  , each plan was hand-generated and then run using the Starburst query execution driver. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. A simple way to implement this optimization is to convert the original query into a binary predicate query  , and build the relaxation DAG from this transformed query. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. One thus needs to consider all query types together. In this section  , we discuss how the methods discussed to up to this point extend to more general situations. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. QGM Optimization then makes semantic transformations to the QGM  , using a distinct set of sophisticated rewrite rules that transform the QGM query into a " better " one  , i.e. , one that is more efficient and/or allows more more leeway during Plan Optimization . Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. The Iirst part is the optimization just dcscrihcd which uses an assumed response time for each query type  , and the second part is a queueing model to solve for the rcsponse t.ime based on the access plan selections and buf ?%r allocation from the first part the optimization prohlcm. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. To overcome the shortcomings of each optimization strategy in combination with certain query types  , also hybrid optimizers have been proposed ON+95  , MB+96. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Second  , at high recall  , precision becomes significant y worse as the optimization becomes more aggressive  , This is because we are not considering documents which have a strong combined belief from all of the query terms  , but lack a single query term belief strong enough to place the document in the candidate set. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. Statistics describing the " shape " of a data graph are crucial for determining which methods of graph traversal are optimal for a given query and database. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. The search strategy-also proposed for multi query optimization 25-that will be applied in our sample optimizer is a slight modification of A*  , a search technique which  , in its pure form  , guarantaes to find the opt ,irnal solution 'LO. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Conventional query optimizers assume that the first part is negligible compared to the second  , and they try to minimize only the execution cost instead of the total query evaluation cost. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. While it is sometimes merely a performance advantage to take such an integrated view  , at other times even the correctness of query executions depends on such an approach. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Therefore defining the semantics of an SQL query by translation into relational algebra and relational calculus opens up new optimization oppor- tunities: -The optimizer can investigate the whole query and is no longer constrained to look at one subquery at a time. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. Note that we can use different feature sets for different query topics by using this method  , but for simplicity  , we didn't try it in this work. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. However  , if the optimal contour crosses many partitions  , the performance will not be as good. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. To generate Figure 12b  , we executed a suite of 30 Web queries over 5 different 20-million page data sets. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. In this section we give a design for a simple query rewrite system to illustrate the capabilities of the Epoq architecture and  , in particular  , to illustrate the planning-based control that will be presented in Section 5. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. In general  , for every plan function s  , 7 can be partiof parametric query optimization. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. For an XML input whose structure is opaque  , the user can still use a functional index or a text index to do query optimization. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. In fact  , this hybrid index optimization problem motivated the optimization problem underlying the size/speed tradeoff for OptPFD in Figure 2per query in milliseconds  , for a hybrid index involving OptPFD and IPC. In this paper we proposed a general framework for expressing and analyzing approximate predicates  , and we described how to construct alternate query plans that effectively use the approximate predicates. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. Therefore  , we need to find a priori which tables in the FROM clause will be replaced by V. Optimization of conjunctive SQL queries using conjunctive views has been studied in CKPS95. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. The second set of experiments shed light on how the distribution of the user-defined predicates among relations in the query influences the cost of optimization. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Optimization using materialized views is a popular and useful technique in the context of traditional database query optimization BLT86  , GMS93  , CKPS95  , LMSS95  , SDJL96 which has been successfully applied for optimizing data warehouse queries GHQ95  , HGW + 95  , H R U96  , GM96  , GHRU97. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. The bars labelled with the 'o' suffix make use of a semantic optimization: We restrict the grid to the relevant region before searching for cells that contain points. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. It is an interesting optimization problem to decide which domains to invert a static optimization and how to best evaluate the qualification given that only some of the domains are inverted. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. , YL94  , duplicate elimination removal PL94  , and DISTINCT pullup and pushdown  , should be applied to coalescing. In terms of future research  , more work is needed to understand the interplay of coalescing and other temporal operators with respect to queSy optimization and evaluation. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. As the solution space gets larger for complex queries  , the search strategy that investigates alternative solutions is critical for the optimization cost. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. one for each resolvent of a late bound function  , and where the total query plan is generated at start-up time of the application program. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. Using a realistic application  , we measure the impact of parallelism on the optimization cost and the op- timization/execution cost trade-off using several combinations of search space and search strategy. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. For that reason  , we would require a second optimization of the query  , this time using only the existing indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. Any evaluation of an unsafe optimization technique requmes measuring the execution speeds of the base and optimized systems  , as well as assessing the impact of the optimization technique on the system's retrieval effectiveness. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. Obviously  , by defining a specific optimization goal  , we get different instantiations of the framework  , which correspond to different problem statements. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. Thus  , the ecectllion space consists of the space of all join trees* for each equivalent query obtainrtl from Step 1 of optimization Section 4. Although this approach is effective in the database domain  , unfortunately  , in knowledge base systems this is not feasible. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. Such machinery needs to be based on intermediate representations of queries that are syntactically close to XQuery and has to allow for an algebraic approach to query optimization  , with buffering as an optimization target. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The first issue can be addressed with iSPARQL query optimization  , which we investigated in 2 ,22. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. For instance: with 4 levels  , the corresponding SEQUIN query is PROJECT count* FROM PROJECT * FROM PROJECT * FROM 100K~10flds~100dens , S; ZOOM ALL; We disabled the SEQ optimization that merges consecutive scans which would otherwise reduce all these queries to a common form. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. The technique provides optimization of arbitrary convex functions  , and does not incur a significant penalty in order to provide this generality. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. We argue that complex view queries contain many such tradeoffs; balancing them is part of the optimization space explored by ROLEX. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Finally  , the reduction in the number of merge operations from 3 to 2 results in less copying of data  , and thus better performance. However  , this only covers a special case of grouping  , as we will discuss in some detail in Section 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. To copy otherwire  , or to republish  , requires a fee and/or rpecial permirrion from Ihe Endowment. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. We discuss this optimization problem in more detail in Section 4. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Finally  , Hammer only supports restricted forms of logically equivalent transformations because his knowledge reprsentation is not suitable for deductive use. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. Exactly this type of optimization lies in the heart of a read-optimized DB design and comprises the focus of this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. The structural function inlining yields an optimal expression for a given query by means of two kinds of static optimization  , which are horizontal and vertical optimizations. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . Then the optimization target becomes F = arg max F ∈F lF  , where F is the set of all possible query facet sets that can be generated from L with the strict partitioning constraint. What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. Distribution and query optimization are the typical database means to achieve this. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl. Here  , L is the log-likelihood of the implicit topic model as maximized by pLSA. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. It shows PLSA can capture users' interest and recommend questions effectively. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. Liu et al. K plsa +U + T corresponds to the results obtained when the test set was also used to learn the pLSA model  , thereby tailoring the classifiers to the task of interest transductive learning. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. classes in PLSA. Given this observation  , we are interested in the question: is regularized pLSA likely to outperform non-regularized pLSA no matter the value of K we select ? Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Also  , in PLSA it is assumed that all attributes motifs belonging to a component might not appear in the same observation upstream region. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. Figure 6  , we visualize the geographic distributions of two weather topics over the US states. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. However  , PLSA found most surprising components: components containing motifs that have strong dependencies. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. NMF found larger groups of yeast motifs than human motifs. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. The most representative terms generated by CTM and PLSA are shown in Table 1. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. In this paper  , we presented TL-PLSA  , a new approach to transfer learning  , based on PLSA. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. The above question can be reformulated as follows. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Wu et al. These motifs co-occur together very often. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. All the scores are significantly greater compared to the baseline NoDiv in Table 4. All runs are compared to pLSA. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. UDCombine1. In the startup phase  , initial estimates of the hyperparameters φ 0 are obtained. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. Since the model uses PLSA  , no prior distribution is or could be assumed. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Our approach consists of two steps. Based on PLSA  , one can define the following joint model for predicting terms in different objects: 1. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. On both text sets  , OTM outperforms LSA  , PLSA  , LapPLSA in terms of classification accuracies due to the orthogonality of the topics. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. Combining all three resources seems to be a relatively safe choice: it improves significantly over the pLSA run on two out of the three topic sets  , and on the third topic set  , although the difference is not statistically significant with a Table 5 : Comparing LapPLSA and pLSA. 14. That is  , with a random setting of K  , LapPLSA regularized with external resources tends to outperform non-regularized pLSA. First  , in all cases but threeG AN on topics 1-50  , G N on topic 51-100  , and G C on 101-150  , the differences between pLSA and LapPLSA are significant with a p-value < 0.05. Formally  , the PLSA model assumes that all P~ can be represented in the following functional form 6  , where it is closely related to other recent approaches for retrieval based on document-specific language models 8  , 1. In the probabilistic setting of PLSA  , the goal is to compute simultaneous estimates for the probability mass functions P5 over f~ for all 5 E ~. From the results we can see that  , on all of the three datasets and in terms of the five diversity evaluation metrics   , our approaches R-LTR-NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec  can outperform all of the baselines. For all of our approaches  , the number of tensor slices z is set to 7. We conducted significant testing t-test on the improvements of our approaches over the baselines. In order to effectively analyze characteristics of different roles and make use of both of user roles to improve the performance of question recommendation  , we propose a Dual Role Model DRM based on PLSA to model the user in CQA precisely. However  , when these PLSA based methods modeling the user  , they did not pay attention to the user's dual roles and their distinctions . Table 2 summarizes results obtained by conc-PLSA  , Fusion- LM and voted-PLSA averaged over five languages and 10  ferent initializations. We observe that partitions formed using the votes of single-view models contain more than half of the documents in the collection and that these groups are highly homogeneous with an average precision of 0.76. The OTM model is able to take advantage of statistical foundation of PLSA without losing orthogonal property of LSA. In order to address the importance of orthogonalized topics  , we put a regularized factor measuring the degree of topic orthogonalities to the objective function of PLSA. Therefore  , instead of taking a vanilla " bag of words " approach and considering all the words modulo stop words present in the blogs  , we focus primarily on the words that are sentiment-related. Different from the traditional PLSA 9  , S-PLSA focuses on sentiments rather than topics. The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. As an illustrative example  , Figure 1shows the average relevance distribution estimate resulting for the Lemur Indri search system and the pLSA recommender –which we use as baselines in our experiments in section 4. Assume we have two samples of diversification results in terms of α-nDCG@20. For direct comparison  , Table 1provides the results of the methods of Stoica and Hearst 4 re-implementation by the authors and Seki et al. This has several key advantages: first  , it ensures that PLSA is applicable to any language  , as long as the language can be tokenized. Second  , PLSA learns about synonyms and semantically related words  , i.e. , words that are likely to occur not need a language-specific or even domain-specific thesaurus or dictionary  , but learns directly from the unstructured content. What differentiates S-PLSA from conventional PLSA is its use of a set of appraisal words 4 as the basis for feature representation. The use of hidden factors provides the model the ability to accommodate the intricate nature of sentiments  , with each hidden factor focusing on one specific aspect. The performance of TL-PLSA is higher when the percentage of shared classes of source and target domain is smaller. They develop a model called ARSA which stands for Auto-Regressive Sentiment-Aware to quantitatively measure the relationship between sentiment aspects and reviews . In the S-PLSA model 4  , a review can be considered as being generated under the influence of a number of hidden sentiment factors . , wM }  , the S-PLSA model dictates that the joint probability of observed pair di  , wj is generated by P di , Aside from the S-PLSA model which extracts the sentiments from blogs for predicting future product sales  , we also consider the past sale performance of the same product as another important factor in predicting the product's future sales performance. In S-PLSA  , appraisal words are exploited to compose the feature vectors for blogs  , which are then used to infer the hidden sentiment factors. In the investigation  , we also examine the hyperparameter settings for PLSA such as initial conditional probabilities and zero estimate smoothing in the context of our problem. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first investigation about how well a topic model such as PLSA can help capture hidden aspects in novelty information retrieval. The hidden aspect factors in PLSA models are statistically identified from data while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are assigned by the judges but not results of statistical analyses. In PLSA models  , the number of hidden aspect factors is a tuning variable  , while the aspects of Genomics Track topics are constants once the corpus and topics are determined.  The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. This indicates that the ratings predicted by Global Prediction are more discriminative and accurate in ranking the four DSRs. γ allows us to balance these two requirements and combine both implicit and explicit representations of query subtopics in a unified and principled manner. The rationale is that those appraisal words  , such as " good" or " terrible"  , are more indicative of the review's sentiments than other words. The first column shows the automatically discovered and clustered aspects using Structured PLSA. A sample rated aspect summarization of one of the sellers is shown in Table 2 . Their Topic-Sentiment Model TSM is essentially equivalent to the PLSA aspect model with two additional topics. 21  which performs joint topic and sentiment modeling of collections . In conclusion  , our study opens a promising direction to question recommendation. The results show PLSA model can improve the quality of recommending. Experiments are repeated 10 times on the whole dataset  , using different random initializations of the PLSA models. The indexed translations are part of the corpus distribution. We can have the following joint model for citations based on documents in different types: We developed our model based on PLSA 4. As probability matrices are obviously non-negative  , PLSA corresponds to factorizing the joint probability matrix in non-negative factors. 2 as P wi  , dj = W . H . First  , PLSA is a probabilistic model which offers the convenience of the highly consistent probabilistic framework. There are in fact many advantages to do so. From Table 1  , we see that PLSA extracts reasonable topics . We summarize each topic θ with terms having the highest pw|θ. However  , in terms of representing research communities  , all four topics have their limitations. The improvement over the supervised methods is shown in Figure 4. After performing topic-bridged PLSA  , we can exploit training data and test data simultaneously. Probabilistic LSA PLSA 15 applies a probabilistic aspect model to the co-occurrence data. Some variants of LSA have also been proposed recently. 1 The pattern based subtopic modeling methods are more effective than the existing topic modeling based method  , i.e. , PLSA. We make the following interesting observations. Conversely  , given the NMF formulation in eq. We can show that the new hyperparameters are given by A major benefit of S-PLSA + lies in its ability to continuously update the hyperparameters. We could have directly applied the basic PLSA to extract topics from C O . The prior for all the parameters is given by We adopt the PLSA model to tackle this novel problem. In this paper  , we introduce the novel problem of question recommendation in Question Answering communities. In Section 3  , topic-bridged PLSA is proposed for cross-domain text classification. In Section 2  , we give a brief review of related work. 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. Hereto  , we apply Laplacian pLSA 6 also referred to as regularized topic models 24   , using the document similarities given by Eq. All runs are compared to the baseline NoDiv. Table 4 : Diversification result with pLSA and LapPLSA regularized by different external resources and their combinations. Regularization with most resources or their combinations does not lead to significant improvement over the pLSA run. The TREC 2011 topic set seems the most difficult one. It then integrates these subtopics as described in Section 2.3. 8 proposed a framework to combine clusters of external resources to regularize implicit subtopics based on pLSA using random walks. He et al.   , Dn} the set of reviews obtained up to epoch n. QB S-PLSA estimates at epoch n are determined by maximizing the posterior probability using χ n : . below  , the PLSA parameters may be interpreted as probabilities. Whereas the NMF factors are a set of values with scale invariance issues  , cf. Table 2shows the experimental results. This also shows that our model could alleviate the overfitting problem of PLSA. In Figure 5b  , we also see that the topic propagates smoothly between adjacent states. aspects. If we ignore the structure of the phrases  , we could apply PLSA on the head terms to extract topics  , i.e. The system uses PLSA to extract K subtopic candidates from the unstructured data 7. K non-overlapped nodes with the largest relevance score are selected as subtopic candidates. Then PLSA is used directly to get the topic information of the user. In these methods  , all the questions that a user accesses are treated as one document. A typical approach is the user-word aspect model applied by Qu et al. S-PLSA can be considered as the following generative model. We expect that those hidden factors would correspond to blogger's complex sentiments expressed in the blog review. Laplacian pLSA employs a generalized version of EM to maximize the regularized log-likelihood of the topic model  , L: 5 to regularize the implicit topic model. |1 ∼ 0.21 to around 10 by = 200. pLSA displays a higher relevance probability due to the nature of the recommendation task on this dataset. by a logistic function. The evaluation results are shown in Section 4. We also propose a novel evaluation metric to measure the performance . Evaluation is carried out by showing anecdotal results. Web queries are often short and ambiguous. Baseline " refers to the run without diversification. As we have specified in section 3  , these methods model the user either indirectly or directly. The second one is PLSA based methods. PLSA is a latent variable model that has a probabilistic point of view. Here we use these methods to find components from a discrete data matrix. This is why we call this model semi-supervised PLSA. We can see that the main difference between this equation and the previous one for basic PLSA is that we now pool the counts of terms in the expert review segment with those from the opinion sentences in C O   , which is essentially to allow the expert review to serve as some training data for the corresponding opinion topic. The results also indicate that the improvements of PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa and PAMM- NTNα-NDCG doc2vec over all of the baselines are significant   , in terms of all of the performance measures. The results indicate that the improvements of R-LTR-NTN plsa and R-LTR-NTN doc2vec over R- LTR are significant p-value < 0.05  , in terms of all of the performance measures. Can we quantitatively prove that NetPLSA extracts better communities than PLSA ? Most authors assigned to the same topical community are well connected and closely located  , which presents a much " smoother " pattern than Figure 3a and b. Compared with these alternative approaches  , PLSA with conjugate prior provides a more principled and unified way to tackle all the challenges. However  , it would be unclear how to choose a good cutoff point on the ranked list of retrieved results. Intuitively  , the words in our text collection CO can be classified into two categories 1 background words that are of relatively high frequency in the whole collection. We first present the basic PLSA model as described in 21. In this paper  , we propose a fully automated PLSA-based Web image selection method for the Web image-gathering Our work can be regarded as the Web image version of that work. We empirically choose the number of latent variables k = 100. For each category  , a PLSA model is trained from 85% of the question sets questions and their corresponding answers  , and the left are used for testing. Documents are then assigned to each topic using the maximum posterior probability. For every view v  , the probability that document dv arises from topic z ∈ Z is given by pz|dv  , estimated by PLSA. We then select the subtopic terms from the PLSA subtopic  , which are most semantically similar to the connected subtopic candidates of ontology. Each pair of connected subtopic candidates is an integrated subtopic. Finally  , note that γ = 0 makes LapPLSA equivalent to pLSA without regularization. We decide to set γ to a fixed value that generates reasonable diversification results  , using γ = 10 in all our experiments. Second  , using clickthrough data for model training by extending PLSA to BLTM  , leads to a significant improvement Rows 4 and 5 vs. The results are consistent with those previously reported on the TREC collections 32. In Section 3  , we discuss the characteristics of online discussions and specifically  , blogs  , which motivate the proposal of S-PLSA in Section 4. Section 2 provides a brief review of related work. For each blog entry b  , the sentiments towards a movie are summarized using a vector of the posterior probabilities of the hidden sentiment factors  , P z|b. We now study how the choice of these parameter values affects the prediction accuracy. They include the number of hidden sentiment factors in S-PLSA  , K  , and the orders of the ARSA model  , p and q. The resulting semantic kernels are combined with a standard vector space representation using a heuristic weighting scheme. In 16   , a method to systematically derive semantic representation from pLSA models using the method of Fisher kernels 17  has been presented. The other 90% were used to learn the pLSA model while the held-out set was used to prevent overfitting  , namely using the strategy of early stopping. A held-out set with 10% of the data was created randomly. In this paper  , we aim at an extension of the PLSA model to include the additional hyperlink structure between documents . In this case one gets in addition to 2 , There are many longer and less frequent motifs in the components  , which makes components like 5 and 9 quite surprising. Though PLSA components of Table 6cover only 4% of the data  , they are quite interesting. The selection of parameter values seems to have more effect to NMF than to other methods  , and longer components may be found with different amount of components to be estimated. In addition to methods discussed in this paper — frequent sets  , ICA  , NMF and PLSA — there are others suitable for binary observations . Different kinds of approaches may be taken when decomposing a data matrix into smaller parts. Or better still  , to discover both frequent and surprising components  , use all of the methods. However  , if interesting longer patterns should be looked for  , ICA and PLSA might be a suitable choice. It assumes that each word is either drawn from a universal background topic or from a location and time dependent language model. We review some key threads: 23  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 20. Thus  , simply using PLSA cannot ensure the obtained topic is well-aligned to the specific domains. However   , these extracted topics are latent variables without explicit meaning and cannot be regarded as the given categories . Thus NetPLSA ignores the various participation information for each user. The Net- PLSA model15 constructs the u2u-link graph as described in Figure 1a  , merges all documents one user participates in into a single document for that user. The remaining documents have voting patterns different from any of the selected cluster signatures. The only exception is the combination of the click logs and the Web ngrams. The picture is a little worse for average attacks. Note that our baseline methods are already significantly better than k-NN and PLSA; thus the improvement due to VarSelect is very significant. The hidden aspects caught are used to improve the performance of a ranked list by re-ranking. In this paper  , we conducted a preliminary study on using PLSA models to capture hidden aspects of retrieved passages. This indicates PLSA models are very promising in finding diverse aspects in retrieved passages. It turned out all runs on all 9 continuous hidden aspect numbers got positive improvements. Figures 1 and 2 demonstrate the classification performance of OTM and other baseline models. For text categorization  , 90% of the data were randomly selected as the training set while the other 10% were used for testing. The pLSA model was trained with all the data. In summary  , the ARSA model mainly comprises two components . Parameter q specifies the sentiment information from how many preceding days are considered  , and K indicates the number of hidden sentiment factors used by S-PLSA to represent the sentiment information. They assume that an aligned query and document pair share the document-topic distribution. They show that  , by including the click-through data  , their model achieves better performance compared to the PLSA. In order to visualize the hidden topics and compare different approaches  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and CTM. For more details about the labeled data set  , please refer to 4. It reflects the sentiment " mass" that can be attributed to factor zj. pzj|d  , where Rt is the set of reviews available at time t and pzj|d is computed based on S-PLSA + . In order to generate gold standard for representative phrases  , we utilize both the true DSR ratings and human annotation. 3 The best performance is achieved by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction at average precision of 0.5925 and average recall of 0.6379. Note that the PLSA model allows multiple topics per user  , reflecting the fact that each user has lots of interest. where w ∈ w1  , w2  , ..  , w l are words which questions contain. 12  propose a model based on Probabilistic Latent Semantic Indexing PLSA 11. Table 3 shows that the PLSAbased techniques substantially outperform the Marginal and Query baselines  , and the full PLSA model outperforms its simpler versions. A lower perplexity score indicates better performance. A failure here results in the exploitation of visual features which are used as input to a support-vector machine based classifier. If no location is found  , PLSA 10 is performed on the tag data of the corpus. 15 proposed a generative model called Bilingual Topic Model BLTM for Web wearch. Moreover  , the improvement of CTM over PLSA and NetClus is more significant on the results of papers than other two objects. As we can see  , our CTM approach gets the best performance. Thus the E-step remains the same. It is easy to see that NetPLSA shares the same hidden variables with PLSA  , and the conditional distribution of the hidden variables can still be computed using Equation 8. However  , the extracted topics in this way would generally not be well-aligned to the expert review. Each modifier could be represented by a set of head terms that it modifies: Similar to Unstructured PLSA  , we define k unigram language models of head terms: Θ = {θ 1   , θ 2   , ..  , θ k } as k theme models.  The ranking loss performance also varies a lot across different DSRs. In addition  , we plan to apply the EM method and PLSA model to promoting diversity on Genomics research. We will work on the opinion retrieval for blogs and focus on searching diversity of blogs. In order to visualize the factor solution found by PLSA we present an elucidating example. the TDT-1 collection: real love in the context of family life as opposed to staged love in the sense of Hollywood". In Section 5  , we propose ARSA  , the sentiment-aware model for predicting future product sales. Second  , in most cases  , the W value of those combined resources are in between occasionally above the resources that are combined. For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from For Lemur  , the distribution decreases from The precision estimates are taken from the TREC 2009/10 diversity task data for Lemur  , and from the MovieLens 2 dataset for pLSA more details in section 4.2. In our case  , the nodes of the graph are documents and the edge weights are defined as the closeness in location between two documents. NetPLSA regularizes PLSA with a harmonic regularizer based on a graph structure in the data. Intuitively  , user communities grouped by basic PLSA model can represent interest topics towards item categories. In this way  , the statistical topic model could capture the co-occurences of items and encourage to group users into communities. On the other hand  , it assigns surprisingly low probability of " windy " to Texas. PLSA assigns extremely large close to 1 pθ|d of the topic " windy " to Delaware  , and " hurricane " to Hawaii. It is shown to improve the quality of the extracted aspects when compared with two strong baselines. In the first step  , we propose a topic modeling method  , called Structured PLSA  , modeling the dependency structure of phrases in short comments. Experimental results show the PLSA model works effectively for recommending questions. Meanwhile  , because traditional evaluation metrics cannot meet the special requirements of QA communities  , we also propose a novel metric to evaluate the recommendation performance. The only difference is that Baseline is under PLSA formalism and our model is in SAGE formalism. Our model without φ geo   , η user and θ user : This is essentially very similar to Baseline. 2 The semantic similarity-based weighting Sim is the best weighting strategy. Iterative Residual Rescaling IRR 1  is proposed to counteract LSA's tendency to ignore the minor-class documents . In order to understand the data analyzed  , we briefly describe the framework used to implement the lightweight comment summarizer. In contrast  , implementations on PLSA discuss 50 ,000 by 8 ,000 term-doc matrices  , and execute in about half an hour1. Intuitively  , CTM selects more related terms for each topic than PLSA  , which shows the better performance of CTM. Similar subtle differences can be observed for Topic 3 IR as well. In many cases  , however  , the reviews are continuously becoming available  , with the sentiment factors constantly changing. The S-PLSA model can be trained in a batch manner on a collection of reviews  , and then be applied to analyze others. Table 2 shows results on further metrics  , showing also the diversification of the popularity-based recommender baseline  , in addition to pLSA. Overall the improvement respect to xQuAD is clear. The concept features can be derived from different pLSA models with different concept granularities and used together. In the second step  , weak hypotheses are constructed based on both term features and concept features . Intuitively  , ωt ,j represents the average fraction of the sentiment " mass " that can be attributed to the hidden sentiment factor j. where pz = j|bb ∈ Bt are obtained based a trained S- PLSA model. Instead of decomposing X into A and S  , PLSA gives the probabilities of motifs in latent components. For each component z we pick the motifs w whose probability P w|z is significantly larger than zero. It is noticeable that on topic set 1-50  , click logs remarkably outperform the other two resources across all settings of K. A possible explanation is that this topic set is derived from query logs of commercial search engines 12  , and therefore the click logs have a relatively high coverage and turn out to be an effective resource for these topics. Our probabilistic semantic approach is based on the PLSA model that is called aspect model 2. In the text context  , an observed event corresponds to occurrence of a word w occurring in a document d. The model indirectly associates keywords to its corresponding documents through introducing an intermediate layer called hidden factor variable }  ,.. , From formula 2  , we can see that the aspect model expresses dimensionality reduction by mapping a high dimensional term document matrix into the lower dimensional one k dimension in latent semantic space.  represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. In contrast  , Structured PLSA model goes beyond the comments and organizes the head terms by their modifiers  , which could use more meaningful syntactic relations. Since we are working on short comments  , there are usually only a few phrases in each comment  , so the co-occurrence of head terms in comments is not very informative. Compared with Unstructured PLSA  , this method models the co-occurrence of head terms at the level of the modifiers they use instead of at the level of comments they occur. Unsupervised topic modeling has been an area of active research since the PLSA method was proposed in 17 as a probabilistic variant of the LSA method 9  , the approach widely used in information retrieval to perform dimensionality reduction of documents. Then  , generation of a word in this model is defined as follows: Using our TPLSA model  , the common knowledge between two domains can be extracted as a prior knowledge in the model  , and then can be transferred to the test domain through the bridge with respect to common latent topics. Our key idea is to extend PLSA 8 to build a topic-bridge and then transfer the common topics between two domains. Now that we have described our approach to model the relations between subtopics extracted from multiple resources  , the next question is: how can we combine the relations between the explicit subtopics with the implicit subtopics ? For a query q  , we apply pLSA on the set of retrieved documents D = {di} M i=1 to obtain the implicit subtopics associated with q. By maximizing the regularized log-likelihood  , Laplacian pLSA softly assigns documents to the same cluster if they 1 share many terms and 2 belong to the same explicit subtopics. γ is a parameter that controls the amount of regularization from external resources. Figure 3 shows the result of IA-select using topic models constructed with the following methods: pLSA without regularization and LapPLSA regularized by similarity matrices generated using click logs  , anchor text  , and Web ngrams  , i.e. , LapPLSA_C  , Lap- PLSA_A  , and LapPLSA_N  , respectively. " In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. The combined resource usually results in a diversification performance in between that of the individual resources combined. Despite the seemingly lower word coverage compared to using " bag of words "   , decent performance has been reported when using appraisal words in sentiment classification 24. That implies that representing the sentiments with higher dimensional probability vectors allows S-PLSA to more fully capture the sentiment information   , which leads to more accurate prediction. As shown in Figure 2a  , as K increases from 1 to 4  , the prediction accuracy improves  , and at K = 4  , ARSA achieves an MAPE of 12.1%. It is worth noting that although we have only used S- PLSA for the purpose of prediction in this work  , it is indeed a model general enough to be applied to other scenarios. Equipped with the proposed models  , companies will be able to better harness the predictive power of blogs and conduct businesses in a more effective way. In addition  , the factor representation obtained by PLSA allows to deal with polysemous words and to explicitly distinguish between diierent meanings and diierent t ypes of word usage. This implies in particular that standard techniques from statistics can be applied for questions like model tting  , model combination  , and complexity control. We h a ve presented a novel method for automated indexing based on a statistical latent class model. Recent w ork has also shown that the beneets of PLSA extend beyond document indexing and that a similar approach can be utilized  , e.g. , for language modeling 44 and collaborative ltering 55. Further investigation is needed to take full advantage of the prior information provided by term weighting schemes. Also shown are simulationsize inputs for three benchmarks for comparison  , with scores from simulator-based profiling shown in parentheses. For brevity  , Table 3 shows LIME results for only five parallel sections for " real " inputs too large for simulation  , including one from a benchmark PLSA from bioParallel benchmark 10 that is infeasible to run in simulation. We evaluate the performance of OTM on the tasks of document classification using the method similar to 9 . Rather than applying each separately  , it is reasonable to merge them into a joint probabilistic model with a common set of underlying topics as shown in Fig. Documents  , authors and venues are generally composed of words  , so each of them can be decomposed by topic models  , such as PLSA 2  , respectively. We introduce the latent variable to indicate each topic under users and questions. First  , we employ the PLSA to analyze the topic information of all the questions  , and then model the answerer role and asker role of each user based on questions which he answers or asks. The amount of components looked for with ICA  , NMF and PLSA methods was 200  , and the frequency threshold percentage for finding about 200 frequent sets was 10%. Some comparison between the methods can be found in the section 3.3 and discussion about the biological relevance of the results in the section 3.4. Components with only one motif were left out  , as they do not include information about the relationships of the motifs . Finally  , the Quality of Services QoS is combined with the proposed semantic method to produce a final score that reflects how semantically close the query is to available services. Next  , PLSA is used to match semantic similarity between query and web services. We propose to solve the rated aspect summarization problem in three steps: 1 extract major aspects; 2 predict rating for each aspect from the overall ratings; 3 extract representative phrases. represents the probability of head term w h associated with modifier wm assigned to the jth aspect. 11 One of these topics has a prior towards positive sentiment words and the other towards negative sentiment words  , where both priors are induced from sentiment labeled data. In our work  , We employ PLSA 3 to analyze a user's interest by investigating his previously asked questions and accordingly generate fine-grained question recommendation . However  , these systems are not typical recommender systems in essence in that they have not taken users' interest into account. We keep the same values for λ as were selected in the previous experiments  , and the pLSA baseline in the recommendation task. For this test  , we select the TREC subtopics in the search task with | estimated on relevance judgments  , and the MovieLens dataset for the recommendation task. As documents belonging to each of these groups received by definition similar votes from the view-specific PLSA models  , the voting pattern representing each of these groups is called the cluster signature. Once a voting pattern is obtained for each multilingual document  , we attempt to group documents such that in each group  , documents share similar voting patterns. We keep the C largest groups with the most documents as initial clusters. From previous experiments  , we have seen that the number of topics K is an important parameter  , whose optimal value is difficult to predict. The overall approach can be decomposed into three stages: In the unsupervised learning stage  , we use pLSA to derive domain-specific cepts and to create semantic document representations over these concepts. As we have argued this can address some of the shortcomings of pure term-based representations. We summarized the previous PLSA based methods for question recommendation and discovered that they can be divided into two main categories: 1 methods that model the user indirectly. We can compute the consistency between the distribution on topics of a user and a question to determine whether to recommend the question to the user. Although ATM obtains comparable performance to CTM in terms of papers  , our CTM approach can obtain significant improvements in terms of authors. We have shown that the observations can be decomposed into meaningful components using the frequent sets and latent variable methods. With the smaller yeast data PLSA did not do very well  , but ICA and NMF found interesting longer components and maximal frequent sets gave a good coverage of data. The support of a representative opinion is defined as the size of the cluster represented by the opinion sentences. Finally  , a simplified version of the model i.e. , no prior  , basic PLSA can be used to cluster any group of sentences to extract representative opinion sentences. Several follow-up work tries to address the limitations of TSM from different perspectives. However  , this kind of division cannot capture the interrelation between topic and sentiment  , given a document is still modeled as an unordered bag of words; and TSM also suffers from the same problems as in pLSA  , e.g. , overfitting and can hardly generalize to unseen documents. In addition to the user and previous queries  , the model can also include result URLs  , individual query terms or phrases  , or important relatedness indicators like the temporal delay between queries 3. An advantage of the PLSA approach over previous techniques is that it can be readily augmented to incorporate new sources of information. According to different independence assumptions  , we implement two variants of DRM. Our results have brought to light the positive impact of the first stage of our approach which can be viewed as a voting mechanism over different views. Working in the concatenated feature spaces the remaining unclustered documents are then assigned to the groups using a constrained PLSA model.  We propose the Autoregressive Sentiment Aware ARSA model for product sales prediction  , which reflects the effects of both sentiments and past sales performance on future sales performance. We propose the S-PLSA model  , which through the use of appraisal groups  , provides a probabilistic framework to analyze sentiments in blogs. where p  , q  , and K are user-chosen parameters  , while φi and ρi ,j are parameters whose values are to be estimated using the training data. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. The accuracy and effectiveness of our model have been confirmed by the experiments on the movie data set. Using S-PLSA as a means of " summarizing " sentiment information from blogs  , we develop ARSA  , a model for predicting sales performance based on the sentiment information and the product's past sales performance. Notice that the semantic features are probabilities while word features are word counts or absolute frequencies. After the first stage of pLSA learning  , a document di can be described in terms of semantic features P z k |di as well as word features ndi  , wj. Yet another approach to deriving document representations that takes semantic similarities of terms into account has been proposed in 15. Cohn and Hofmann combine PLSA and PHITS together and derive a unified model from text contents and citation information of documents under the same latent space 4. Their model explores the d2d-link graph to detect some community cores and then uses text information to improve community consistency. As in the experiments in search diversity  , the λ parameter in xQuAD and RxQuAD is chosen to optimize for ERR-IA on each dataset. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. One salient feature of our modeling is the judicious use of hyperparameters  , which can be recursively updated in order to obtain up-to-date posterior distribution and to estimate new model parameters. We call the proposed model the S-PLSA + model  , in which the parameters are estimated by maximizing an approximate posterior distribution. Our method can not only discover topic milestone papers discussed in previous work  , but also explore venue milestone papers and author milestone papers. The model is based on PLSA  , and authorship  , published venues and citation relations have been included in it. One of the advantages of latent variable methods such as ICA  , NMF and PLSA is that they give a parsimonious representation of the data. The data could be nicely covered with these motifs that are very common  , but in this study we aim at finding relationships between the motifs. If a quick overview of the most common patterns in the data matrix is needed  , maximal frequent sets or NMF might be good methods to use. In essence  , it assumes that there are a number of hidden factors or aspects in the documents  , and models using a probabilistic framework the relationship among those factors  , the documents  , and the words appearing in the documents . Our particular choice for sentiment modeling is the S-PLSA model 2   , which has been shown to be effective in sales performance prediction. The hidden variables in PLSA correspond to the events that a term w in document d is generated from the j-th topic. Computationally  , the E-step boils down to computing the conditional distribution of the hidden variables given the data and Ψn. Once we created the testing datasets  , we extract topics from the data using both PLSA and NetPLSA. Specifically  , Topic 1 well corresponds to the information retrieval SIGIR community  , Topic 2 is closely related to the data mining KDD community  , Topic 3 covers the machine learning NIPS community  , and Topic 4 well covers the topic that is unique to the conference of WWW. Intuitively   , if the communities are coherent  , there should be many inner edges within each community and few cut edges across different communities. In the optional third stage  , we have a review segment ri with multiple sentences and we would like to align all extracted representative opinions to the sentences in ri. The 7th to 11th column of Table 1shows the results of the precision of the PLSA-based image selection when the number of topics k varied from 10 to 100. In the experiments  , all the precision of the results except for positive and candidate images are evaluated at 15% recall. With the rapidly expanding scientific literature  , identifying and digesting valuable knowledge is a challenging task especially in digital library. In addition to each sentence's social attribute  , such as author  , conference  , etc. , the implicit semantic relatedness between sentences is modeled through semi-supervised PLSA1. This can be achieved by extending the basic PLSA to incorporate a conjugate prior defined based on the target paper's abstract and using the Maximum A Posterior MAP estimator . Further more  , we define a certain number of unigram language models to capture the extra topics which are the complement to the original paper's abstract. Then all sentences in the collection can be clustered into one of the topic clusters. In all of the experiments  , the learning rate is set to 0.025 and the window size is set to 8. The original ARSA model uses S-PLSA as the component for capturing sentiment information. As a sample application  , we plug it into the ARSA model proposed in 4  , which is used to predict sales performance based on reviews and past sales data. Practically  , as the latent model is estimated from the observations  , it effectively fuses the sources of information. PLSA establishes a generative relationship between instances of clusters observed in various views and discrete variables z and thus makes explicit the absolute data distribution in a homogeneous latent space. As Figure 1 illustrates  , the IDRM can be divided into two steps. In pLSA  , it is assumed that document-term pairs are generated independently and that term and document identity are conditionally independent given the concept. The number of concepts  , K  , is fixed beforehand  , but the concepts themselves are derived in a data-driven fashion. We are the first to model sentiments in blogs as the joint outcome of some hidden factors  , answering the call for a model that can handle the complex nature of sentiments. To verify that the sentiment information captured by the S-PLSA model plays an important role in box office revenue prediction  , we compare ARSA with two alternative methods which do not take sentiment information into consideration. The model can be formulated as In contrast to ARSA  , where we use a multi-dimensional probability vector produced by S-PLSA to represent bloggers' sentiments  , this model uses a scalar number of blog mentions to indicate the degree of popularity. To further demonstrate this  , we experiment with the following autoregressive model that utilizes the volume of blogs mentions. Like any topic model based approach  , LapPLSA Laplacian pLSA depends on a prefixed parameter  , the number of topics K. There is no easy solution to find the optimal K without prior knowledge or sufficient training data. Note that our framework outputs regularized topic models of a query  , i.e. , an implicit topic representation. While results are relatively stable with respect to γ  , we find that the performance of diversification with topic models is rather sensitive to the parameter K. In Section 6  , we will discuss the impact of K on the diversification results using our framework. Topic modeling approaches employing PLSA have also been used to extract latent themes within a set of articles5   , however this approach is heavyweight and may incorrectly cluster important terms causing them to be missed. This overhead is unnecessary and expensive for individuals wishing to get an overall understanding of user opinion. For example  , in our data it was shown that conservatives preferred writing " Barrack Hussein Obama " over the liberal " Obama " . Though some other methods take the textual content into account  , they make oversimplified assumptions and thus ignore useful participation information. The effect of the length of these voting patterns and the number of latent variables in view-specific PLSA models are interesting avenues for future research. TL-PLSA outperforms the other three approaches  , especially in terms of precision  , when there is a large percentage of unshared classes Figure 5. The results for the SYNC3 dataset and LSHTC dataset show that the fewer classes that are shared between the source and target domains we have  , the more our approach outperforms the other three. The aim in this paper is to find interesting patterns that characterize the dependencies of the motifs in the data set well or patterns that are surprising  , and to provide a comparison between the methods used. The 10 components giving the best coverage of motif occurrences in the human upstream regions found by each method have been presented here. This indicates that Local Prediction is sufficient and even better than Global Prediction at selecting only a few representative phrases for each aspect. Modeling sentiments: Note that Equation 1 is a general framework   , as it does not limit the methods used for sentiment modeling and quality modeling. Overall  , the control flow results of Pin-based profiling are very similar to those from the simulator. Additionally  , there is no natural way to assign probability to new documents. Despite the effectiveness of PLSA for mapping the same document to several different topics  , it is still not a fully generative model at the level of documents  , i.e. , the number of parameters that need to be estimated grows proportionally with the size of the training set. Additionally  , we show 3 author name variations corresponding to the same person with their probability for each topic. Illustrative examples of these results are presented in Table 5  , which summarizes the results of the PLSA model by showing the 10 highest probability words along with their corresponding conditional probabilities from 4 topics in the CiteSeer data set. Our intuition is derived from the observation that the data in two domains may share some common topics  , since the two domains are assumed to be relevant. We propose a novel approach called Topic-bridged PLSA or TPLSA for short for the cross-domain text classification problem. We start with the performance of LapPLSA using single resources. Given our observations on the combined result  , a natural step for future work would prune further to prevent low quality resources from deteriorating high quality resources. We therefore conclude that In terms of RQ4  , we find that LapPLSA regularized with explicit subtopics tends to outperform the non-regularized pLSA for cases where we do not optimize the setting of K  , and simply choose it at random from a reasonable range. Topic models like PLSA typically operate in extremely high dimensional spaces. It might be because of the sparsity of data  , no obvious dimensions are much more important than others  , and every word has some contribution in representing passages nominated for a topic. As a consequence  , the " curse of dimensionality " is lurking around the corner  , and thus the hyperparameters such as initial conditional probabilities and smoothing parameters settings have the potential to significantly affect the results 1. To illustrate the re-ranking performance graphically  , we plot the data in Figuresels are not necessarily the same as the aspects of Genomics Track. In this paper  , we propose a new topic model  , the Orthogonalized Topic Model OTM  , to focus on orthogonalizing the topic-word distributions. Experiments were conducted on an IMDB dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach by comparing the prediction accuracy of ARSA using S-PLSA + and that of the original ARSA. The accuracy stays stable from Epoch 2 through Epoch 4  , indicating that no significant new information is available from Epoch 2 to Epoch 4. Only over pLSA in MovieLens we observe mixed results  , with xQuAD producing better values on α-nDCG and nDCG-IA respectively  , while RxQuAD is best on ERR-IA  , and pure diversity –as measured by S-precision@r and S-recall. We see that our approach is consistently better in most cases. RxQuAD achieves clearer improvements on the popularity baseline . It can be observed that the redundancy penalization effect of | is consistent with the equivalent parameter in the metric  , i.e. In the first stage  , all documents in the collection were used for pLSA learning without making use of the class labels. We used the modified Apte  " ModApte "  split  , which divides the collection into 9  , 603 training documents ; 3  , 299 test documents; and 8  , 676 unused documents. The wide spread use of blogs as a way of conveying personal views and comments has offered an unique opportunity to understand the general public's sentiments and use this information to advance business intelligence. Another possible direction for future work is to use S-PLSA as a tool to help track and monitor the changes and trends in sentiments expressed online. The data coverage of the components found by each of the methods may seem poor  , but one must remember that we have discarded components consisting of one motif only. We may present the data as a set of latent variables  , and these latent variables can be described either as lists of representative attributes here  , motifs or as lists of representative observations here  , upstream regions. Comparing the obtained results between the three datasets  , we can notice that our approach in SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets achieves similar performance when reducing the percentage of shared classes. The relatively high F1C scores of our methods indicate that the number of unique authors can be estimated with the number of achieved clusters from the original data set. As expected  , the diversification results of IA-select based on both pLSA and on LapPLSA are sensitive to the change of the parameter K. In particular  , there is no clear correlation between the number of clusters and the end-to-end diversification performance  , which further suggests the difficulty of finding an optimal K that would fit for a set of queries. To some extent  , we can consider the Web ngrams more similar to the document content than click logs and anchor text. Following the similar idea of regularized es- timation 19  , we define a decay parameter η and a prior weight µ j as A new concept called " theme " is introduced in TSM for document modeling  , and a theme is modeled as a compound of these three components: neutral topic words  , positive words and negative words  , in each document. TSM is constructed based on the pLSA model 9 : in addition to assuming a corpus consists of a set of latent topics with neutral sentiment  , TSM introduces two additional sentiment models  , one for positive and one for negative sentiment . Further  , compared to G C and G A   , G N has a relatively lower W on all three topic sets  , which suggests that with a random K  , LapPLSA regularized with G N is less likely to improve over pLSA compared to G A and G C . Instead  , we start with a normalized random distribution for all these conditional probabilities the results reported in this paper are the average of a few runs. In the experiments  , we find that we cannot start PLSA model with a uniform distribution for P z  , P d|z  , and P w|z; otherwise  , the convergence will happen immediately in the first iteration due to the sparsity of data. We have evaluated the quality of six different topic models ; since the human coding results were obtained as part of a case study for mining ethnic-related content  , two models work specifically with ethnonyms  , but in each case the assessors simply evaluated top words in every topic: We have trained all models with T = 400 topics  , a number chosen by training pLSA models with 100  , 300  , and 400 topics and evaluating the results. Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. In fact  , the performance of regularization with click logs is still decent ; testing for significance of the difference between run G C and run pLSA has a p-value of 0.077 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.059 for α-nDCG@20. p-value of 0.1 for ERR-IA@20 and 0.054 for α-nDCG@20  , the highest absolute score is achieved across all settings on this set. Note that at epoch n  , only the new reviews Dn and the current statistics φ n−1 are used to update the S-PLSA + parameters  , and the set of reviews Dn are discarded after new parameter values φ n are obtained  , which results in significant savings in computational resources. This leads to θ n ≈ arg max θ P Dn|θgθ|φ n−1 . The dataset was obtained from the IMDB Website by collecting 28 ,353 reviews for 20 drama films released in the US from May 1  , 2006 to September 1  , 2006  , along with their daily gross box office revenues. As long as the batch is sampled in an unbiased fashion  , this procedure can be applied to provide an accurate estimate of the error rate for a given set of documents. One problem with all the methods described in this section is that it is not easy to select the parameters defining the amount of components to be looked for. Such a set is identified either as a frequent set  , or as attributes having a large value in a column of the A matrix in ICA or NMF or as attributes w having a large value of P w|z in PLSA. Next  , we calculate the probability of being positive or negative regarding each topic  , P pos|z and P neg|z using pseudo-training images  , assuming that all other candidates images than pseudo positive images are negative samples. First  , we apply the PLSA method to the candidate images with the given number of topics  , and get the probability of each topic over each image  , P z|I. This allows the transferring of the learned knowledge to be naturally done even when the domains are different between training and test data. A major advantage of our work is that by extending the PLSA model for data from both training and test domains  , we are able to delineate nicely parts of the knowledge through TPLSA that is constant between different domains and parts that are specific to each data set. In general  , click logs and anchor text seem to be more valuable resources for regularization compared to Web ngrams  , across different settings of K. Notice that the Web ngrams are primarily derived from document content  , so perhaps their lower effectiveness can be explained by lower influence on pLSA  , which also uses document content. The common idea of these approaches is that a documentspecific unigram language-model P ,~w can be used to compute for each document the probability to generate a given query. The latter strengthen also our intuition  , that TL-PLSA can learn the shared and unshared classes between domains  , when few documents per class exist  , given a large number of classes as in the SYNC3 and LSHTC datasets. This can be due to the fact that 20Newsgroups categories seem to be closer to each other  , and as a result  , the classifiers are not affected so much. That is  , instead of using the appraisal words  , we train an S-PLSA model with the bag-of-words feature set  , and feed the probabilities over the hidden factors thus obtained into the ARSA model for training and prediction. To test the effectiveness of using appraisal words as the feature set  , we experimentally compare ARSA with a model that uses the classic bag-of-words method for feature selection   , where the feature vectors are computed using the relative frequencies of all the words appearing in the blog entries. Note that  , in practice  , it is generally infeasible to consider all the words appearing in the blog entries as potential features   , because the feature set would be extremely large in the order of 100 ,000 in our data set  , and the cost of constructing a document-feature matrix could be prohibitively high. This may due to the fact that the click logs have a very low < 50% coverage on this topic set  , and that the topic set is rather recent created in 2011 while the click logs were created in 2006  , which may lead to further sparseness: e.g. , on average   , G A has 17.1 nodes per query  , while G C only has 7.6 nodes per query on this topic set. Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. 0.25  , which are defined by experiences. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. The key mining and search steps are marked in Figure 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. Specifically  , feature descriptors that enable similarity search are automatically extracted. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. CH3COOH . The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. In particular  , we demonstrate the search functions through three main search scenarios: service registration  , simple similarity search  , and advanced similarity search. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After that  , Candidate Page Getter puts them to search engine API. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Advanced Similarity Search. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. We have demonstrated that our implementation allows for interactive-time similarity search  , even over relatively large collections. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. Similarity search has become an important technique in many information retrieval applications such as search and recommendation. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. For similarity search  , the sketch distances are directly used. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. The ranking function is given as We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. Then documents with CH4 get higher scores. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. pattern search and substructure search deploy database operators to perform a search  , while some other ones e.g. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. We can see that the asymmetric estimator works well when cosine similarity is close to 1  , but degrades badly when smaller than 0. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. The combined search can be implemented in several ways: Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. SimilarDocument notion of similarity : Formalize the notion of similarity between Web documents using an external quality measure. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. The performance of a similarity search system can be measured in three aspects: search quality  , search speed  , and space requirement. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the development of Web-scale content similarity search systems based on spatial indexing. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. 2. an automatic search was then done by similarity of concepts with query and narrative fields just copied into the search mask. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. Moreover  , the response time of similarity name search is considerably reduced. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. , the top 1 ,000 search result images from search engines  , and edges are weighted based on their pairwise visual similarity. Jing et al. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. In our experiments we assume a pattern does not contain a similarity constraint. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. We also evaluated the response time for similarity name search  , illustrated in Figure 11. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. The goal of this section is to illustrate why similarity search at  , high dimensionality is more difficult than it is at low dimensionality. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. Additionally  , spreading activation helped Ad- Search to beat Baidu as it further considers the latent similarity relationships between bid phrases. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. The latter type of search is typically too coarse for our needs. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Instead  , we utilize the information from several users to create search behavior clusters  , in which users participate. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. An online demonstration of the search capabilities of the system is available at http://simulant.ethz.ch/Chariot/. In addition  , it allows an incremental search. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. One is the similarity to the " positive " profile  , the other for the " negative " profile. The real problem lies in defining similarity. The goal for any search is to return documents that are most similar to the query  , ordered by their similarity score. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. 2 Chemical names with similar structures may have a large edit distance. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. The symbol NONE stands for the pure exact ellipsoid evaluation without using any approxima- tion. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. Proceedings of the 24th VLDB Conference New York  , USA  , 1998 search have produced several results for efficiently supporting similarity search  , and among them  , quadratic form distance functions have shown their high usefulness. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. Results are shown in the search page Figure 2b. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. SIREN implements five similarity operators. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. The The similarity degree between two patterns is calculated using the cosine similarity function that measures the angle between participating vectors. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. This method is for validating the efficacy of the most common similarity measure. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. Users can also express complex queries  , where full-text  , fielded  , and similarity search is conveniently combined. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. For exact search and frequency search  , the quality of retrieved results depends on formula extraction. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . the binding pro- cess. 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. For example   , Sahami et al. A query used for approximate string search finds from a collection of strings those similar to a given string. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. In consequence  , we have developed a practical plug-and-play solution for similarity indexing that only requires an LSH-compatible similarity function as input. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. Jaccard similarity is 0. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. Our work develops more powerful optimizations that exploit the particular requirements of the all-pairs similarity search problem. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. A feature that appears to account for all these cases is the maximum lexical similarity between the browsed document and any of the top search results. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. this scenario  , ServiceXplorer handles the similarity search of Web services by using EMD as the underlying similarity distance only. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. It is first extended for similarity match on subsequences 5  , and further extended for similarity match that allows transformation such as scaling and time warp- ing 9  , 8. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. , often in high dimensional space exhaustively between the query example and every candidate example is impractical for large applications. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. 7.5. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. Descriptor approaches usually are robust  , amenable to database indexing  , and simple to implement. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. Section 2 begins by placing our search problem in the context of the related work. Another liked the " very diverse search criteria and browsing styles. " They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. query-term overlap and search result similarity. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. Therefore  , combining the similarity score and search result count eliminates some noise. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. where A is the search result vector and B is either the " positive " or the " negative " profile vector. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Data page size is 4096 bytes. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. Similarity measures that are based on co-occurrence in search sessions 24  , 12  , on co-clicks 2  , 10   , or on user search behavioral models 6  , 18  , 9  , 21  , are not universally applicable to all query pairs due to their low coverage of queries  , as long tail queries are rare in the query log. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. 2 depicts a typical keywordbased search result  , consisting of three ranked lists put together in a compact representation. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. We mainly focus on similarity search for numerical distribution data to describe our approach. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. Microblog search is a special kind of text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. In this paper  , we will discuss a technique which represents documents in terms of conceptual word-chains  , a method which admits both high quality similarity search and indexing techniques. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. For low similarity thresholds or very skewed distributions of document lengths  , however  , LSH remains the method-of-choice as it provides the most versatile and tunable toolkit for high-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . Finally  , although we only discuss similarity search with PLA over static time-series databases  , another possible future extension is to apply our proposed PLA lower bound to the search problem in streaming environment. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. Full text indexes where associated to textual descriptive fields  , similarity search index where associated with elements containing MPEG-7 image key frames features  , and other value indexes where associated with frequently searched elements . However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. Typically   , in a similarity search  , a user wants to search for images that are similar to a given query image. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. Interested readers are referred to 2. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. Holmes et al. by similarity to a single selected document. Daffodil also allows users to order search result sets in unorthodox ways – e.g. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. In previous work 37  , Zhou et al. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. It also includes a set of browsing capabilities to explore MultiMatch content. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Both MedThresh and ITQ are implemented as in 37. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. Each search result can be a new query for chain search to provide related content. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Once the list of central actors is generated  , documents of these authors could be displayed and used as starting points for further search activities citation search  , similarity search. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. 2012 In the domain of online search  , several studies considered the temporal aspect of search engine queries. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. The image ranked at the first place is the example image used to perform the search. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. Then  , we calculate the macro-average value for each unique pair of queries across all search sessions. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. However  , if one accepts a decrease in recall  , the search can be dramatically accelerated with similarity hashing. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Note that  , although we reformulate queries only for pattern search  , the structural similarity search produces results that are comparable with the results of well-formulated pattern queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. In this paper  , we address the problem of similarity search in large databases. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. Such queries report the k highest ranking results based on similarity scores of attribute values and specific score aggregation functions. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. etfidf: This simple baseline is to use cosine similarity between query and resources in tfidf scheme. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Of course  , other similarity coefficients could be used m this case as well. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. In similarity search 14 the basic idea is to find the most similar objects to a query one i.e. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The discrepancy of 6.5-6.1 = .4 articles/search is made up of articles which NewsTroll did not judge to be related  , i.e. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Finally  , there is also a search engine  , XXL  , employing an ontology similarity measure for retrieving semistructured data semantically 33. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. Query-biased similarity also helps the breadth-like browser but to a lesser degree. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. Given a database of sequences S  , a query sequence q  , and a threshold   , similarity search finds the set of all sequences whose distance to q is less than . The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The challenge of translation extraction lies in how to estimate the similarity between a query term and each extracted translation candidate solely based on the search-result pages. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. Leading search firms routinely use sparse binary representations in their large data systems  , e.g. , 8. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. , a sequence of partial formulae si with a specific ranges i   , e.g. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. For example  , we can study the semantic similarity between relevant documents and derive an IR model to rank documents based on their pairwise semantic similarity. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Although search for First-max finds the highest similarity using a longer path 77 steps as opposed to 24  , it reaches high quality solutions faster. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. 5 ,000 because uphill moves are easily performed from solutions of low similarity. It can be used when a distance function is available to measure the dis-similarity among content representations. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. With such information  , we believe  , the spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be used to improve the search experience. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. 6 also gave an excellent exposition on " role similarity " . In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. This accomplishes one of our goals of involving time information to improve today's search engine. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. To examine the quality of the IDTokenSets  , we compare our proposed document-based measures with the traditional string-based similarity measure e.g. , weighted Jaccard similarity . Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Our group has begun the use of these similarity measures for visualizing relationships among resources in search query results 13. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. In many cases  , the presence of trivial modifications make such detection difficult  , since a simple equality test no longer suffices. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Accordingly  , we combine the textual similarity and structural similarity to effectively rank the MCCTrees. Using such data presentation i.e. , and   , we can apply the vector space model and cosine similarity for Type-3 similarity search. Note  , is a set and it does not include the ordering information of the corresponding code snippet . Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. The topic similarity between pi and uj is calculated as Equation 1. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Regular similarity treats the document as a query to find other similar documents. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . This confirms that determining what is the most appropriate search parameter depends greatly on the type of results desired. In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. Similarity calculating component: Calculating the similarity between two questions is a very important component in our QA systems. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Based on the bag-of-word representation and tf idf weighting scheme  , we calculated cosine similarity between expanded queries and the contents of resources. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. A second way of reranking is to compute for each of the results returned by the search engine its similarity to the text segment and to rerank the search results according to the similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. To demonstrate our evaluation methodology  , we applied it to a reasonably sized set of parameter settings including choices for document representation and term weighting schemes and determined which of them is most effective for similarity search on the Web. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. Thus  , it is quite interesting to investigate the similarity search with other distance measures and we would leave it as one of our future work. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. We extracted 128 and 101 query reformulation pairs from the search session logs of the 2011 and 2012 datasets excluding the current query of each session  , respectively. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. A distinct property of patent files is that all patents are assigned International Patent Classification IPC codes that can be exploited to calculate the similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents in prior art search. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. It would also be interesting to combine semantic hashing and distributed computing e.g. , 29  to further improve the speed and scalability of similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Larger as well as more heterogeneous search results suggest increased focus on a clear and well-arranged presentation of the results  , which also means increased focus on good ranking and on some kind of similarity grouping. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. A great deal of similar research has also been conducted into text similarity searching or finding the most effective means of supporting search to find highly similar or identical text in different documents. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 . There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications.  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. The purpose of similarity search is to identify similar data examples given a query example. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. However  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently within a high-dimensional vector space 33  , which is often the case for many real world information retrieval applications. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. , color information. In contrast  , a content-based information retrieval system CBIR system identifies the images most similar to a given query image or query sketch  , i.e. , it carries out a similarity search 7. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. In our system we have realized the techniques necessary to support XML represented feature similarity search. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity search is an option for searching for photos of interest  , which is really useful especially in this non-professional context. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. In recent years  , the large amounts of data available on the web has made effective similarity search and retrieval an important problem. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. With this choice  , additional search terms with similarity 1 to all the terms in the query get a weight of 1  , additional search terms with similarity O to all the terms in the query get a weight of O. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. In this paper  , we proposed a new approach to model the similarity search problem  , namely the k-n-match problem . Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. the minimum the corresponding points contribution to the overall DTW distance  , and thus can be returned as the lower bounding measure One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Glance 12 thus uses the overlap of result URLs as the similarity measure instead of the document content. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . However  , when the dimensionality of feature space is too high  , traditional similarity search may fail to work efficiently 46. Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. When m or n is large  , storing user or item vectors of the size Omr or Onr and similarity search of the complexity On will be a critical efficiency bottleneck   , which has not been well addressed in recent progress on recommender efficiency 23. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. A selection submodule is responsible for using the computed measures to recommend a small set of nearest neighbours to an arti- fact. An MPEG-7 description contains low level features to be used for similarity search  , conceptual content descriptions  , usage rights  , creation time information  , etc. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. Due to the ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space  , hash-based methods have received much more attention in recent years. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. Therefore  , we can insert the reduced PLA data into a traditional R-tree index to facilitate the similarity search. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. We use cosine similarity as a distance measure and calculate the average pairwise cosine similarity of the documents bookmarked Ds by a subject s: The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. For RL3 anchor log was used to reform current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. Features based on selected subsequences substrings in names and partial formulae in formulae should be used as tokens for search and ranking. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? With the similarity in terms of technology and interface design  , why do only a small number of search engines dominant Web traffic ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. We discuss three issues in this section. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . After representing each query as a topic distribution  , we can compute topic similarity between query pairs Qx and Qy by Histogram Intersection 32: Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible. Also the abbreviated naming of entities by using their functional groups only contributes to the false retriev- als.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Using information extraction tools  , predefined classes of information like locations  , persons  , and dates are annotated with special tags. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. In the second stage  , we compute all those documents which contain these lexical chains with the use of this index. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. Such functions have been utilized in the problem of merging the results of various search engines 11. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. To address the challenges involved in searching for web services  , we built Woogle 1   , a web-service search engine. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. Vector-space search using full-length documents is not as well suited to the task. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. First  , blog retrieval is a task of ranking document collections rather than single documents. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. Beside the query context  , of course  , it is also necessary to consider the actual query term for retrieving suitable search results. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. The implemented similarity search system tremendously extends the accessibility to the data in a flexible and precise way. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. This information can be used for measuring image similarity. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Using the same method as in the aforementioned formulas the tfidf values are calculated for the terms  , but the term frequency is of course based on the search result itself  , rather than the " positive " or " negative " profile. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. Assume a scoring function exists ϕ· exists that calculates the similarity between a query document q and a search result r. We then define a set of ranking formulas Ψϕ  , T  that assign scores to documents based on both the similarity score ϕ and the search result tree T produced through the recursive search. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. Results are presented in Figure  12. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. We have implemented a shape search engine that uses autotagging . The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. We can obtain multiple search results rankings by sending multiple subqueries constructed in Query making to an SE. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. 4 search2vec model was trained using search sessions data set S composing of search queries  , ads and links. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. Figure 2shows b 12 variables For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. By doing so  , each search engine has a SEIF score  , which is independent with queries or independent with the semantic similarity between query and results . The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. Let us consider " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " in Figure 2. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. The similarity between the user profile vector and page category vector is then used to re-rank search results: Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. 2007 10 use search engines to get the semantic relatedness between words. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. Additionally  , the cluster centers Ki and the cluster radius ri are kept in a main memory list. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. We chose the TRECvid search task partly because it provides an interesting complex search task involving several modalities text  , image  , and concept similarity and partly to leverage existing experience e.g. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. On an existing e-commerce system  , a query can retrieve a set of related products i.e. , the search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. For example  , Xiang et al. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. This low storage requirement in turn translates to higher search efficiency. Besides  , capturing user search interests at topic level is useful to understand user behaviors. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. The similarity between this task and the previous one is that in both cases searchers have an information need. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. Sponsored search click data is noisy  , possibly more than search clicks. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. Although White  , like all of the reviewers  , did use concept search  , and similarity search  , he found that the predictive coding rankings using a more robust technology proved to be more effective overall. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. In addition  , search cost is not proportional to dissimilarity . The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. In Section 5  , we make conclusions. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. In CQAs there are no such problems  , for we should just judge the similarity of two similar questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. Hashing 6  , 24  , 31 has now become a very popular technique for large scale similarity search. Each document that contains a match is included in the search result. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. Consequently   , a dual title-keywords representation was used in ClusterBook. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37. A relational similarity measure is used to compare the stem word pair with each choice word pair and to select the choice word pair with the highest relational similarity as the answer.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. A probabilistic framework for constructing the timedependent query term similarity model is proposed with the marginalized kernel  , which measures both explicit content similarity and implicit semantics from the click-through data. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. Other formulations of the general problem are what the data mining community calls " all pairs " search 1 and what the database community calls set similarity join 13. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. , 1975. Both general interest and specific interest scoring involve the calculation of cosine similarity between the respective user interest model and the candidate suggestion. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity. Futher research o n similarity search applications should elaborate the observation that the notion of similarity often depend from the data point and the users intentions and so could be not uniquely predeened.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. New stress statistics are presented that give both qualitative and quantitative insights into the effectiveness of similarity hashing Subsection 3.1 and 3.2. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. Along the lines of semantic similarity  , PMI-IR Turney 2001  used PMI scores based on search engine results to assess similarity of two words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. For scaling our similarity-search technique to massive document datasets we rely on the Min-Hashing technique . Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. 8  presented a probabilistic model for generating rewrites based on an arbitrarily long user search history . The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. The vector representation of trails allows us to use the Cosine similarity measure to compute similarity between any two given trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Apparently  , dogpile emphasizes pages highly-ranked by Live and Ask in its meta search more than Google and AOL and more than Yahoo  , Lycos  , Altavista  , and alltheweb. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. This situation poses a serious obstacle to the future development of large scale similarity search systems. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. Due to the similarities in UI  , estimating visibility on Reddit or Hacker News is very similar to estimating position bias in search results and search ad rankings. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. We describe a detailed experimental evaluation on a set of over 1500 web-service operations. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. The authors employ a wide range of features to rank emails  , in a Figure 1: Guided Search: Spell-Correct  , Fuzzy person search  , Auto-complete learning to rank framework. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Due to ambiguity in natural language  , the top returned results may not be related to the current search session. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . Indexing different unambiguous representations we were able to reach the retrieval quality of a chemical structure search using a common Google text search. However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. Currently  , Google provides code search which can help users search publicly accessible source code hosted on the Internet 7. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We find that surprisingly  , classic text-based content similarity is a very noisy feature  , whose value is at best weakly correlated . A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. The framework has three core components: an actor similarity module to compute actor similarity scores  , a document matching module to match user queries with indexed documents  , and a SNDocRank module to produce the final ranking by combining document relevance scores with actor similarity scores. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. An overall similarity measure is computed from the weighted similarity measures of different elements. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. , normalized size of set intersections . Minwise hashing minhash is a widely popular indexing scheme in practice for similarity search. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. These methods do not easily generalize to other distance metrics or general similarity measures. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Many applications of set similarity arise in large-scale datasets. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. Compute domain similarity. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. The conventional approach to supporting similarity search in high-dimensional vector space can be broadly classified into two categories. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Further  , optimizations across data sources cannot be performed efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Thus  , we can save some cost on similarity search. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. The priority of an arc can now be computed as follows. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. Meanwhile. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. Wold et al. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. How to get the useful properties of time series data is an important problem. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. Sign R x 'Grouped'  , add it to Group G i ; 8. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. In Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Smoothing techniques can improve the search result. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. 11. Bing search engine. Sµqi  , c  , qi ∈ Ω Average character trie-gram similarity with all previous queries in the session Ω. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. BLAST 123and FASTA 32 are are commonly used for similarity searching on biological sequences. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. Efficient rank aggregation is the key to a useful search engine. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. iDistance 16  , 33 is an index method for similarity search. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3. Rhythmic search is not possible.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Our contributions can be summarized as follows. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . Our main contributions are summarized as follows: It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. Anchor text is an alternative data source for query reformulation . For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. At this point the search can stop. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. This prevented us from effectively exploiting similarity based on topic distributions with some queries. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. 256 colors in image databases . An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. , similarity search. See 12 for further details about subjects' browsing behavior. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. But the similarity is more substantive that this. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. We currently consider whole time series. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. 11 look at intent-aware query similarity for query recommendation. In this paper  , we seek good binary codes for words under the content reuse detection framework. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. Organization: We discuss related work in Section 2. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. The result images are sorted by ORN distances. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Users can browse and re-search with facets on the facet tree and panel. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. Bridged by social annotation  , we can compute the similarity between a query and a VSE. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. In the following  , we review each of these ideas separately. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. Another problem is DRs that are irrelevant for the search  , but still get a high similarity value. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. The rest of this paper is organized as follows. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. In order to deal with configuration similarity under limited time  , Papadias et al. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. The spatial gradient of this similarity measure is used to guide a fast search for the hest candidate. Our work is basically the other way around. Although the above measure SOi. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. 3.2 is initially set up with a path length based semantic similarity measure of concepts. All these observations  , however  , have to wait for experimental confirmation. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. Moreover  , we cannot deal with the above issues considering only content similarity. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . However  , we know that these methods didn't provide a perfect pruning effect. It can save computational time and storage space. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. However  , because it can only handle one dimensional data  , it is not suitable for multi-dimensional similarity search. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. The key contributions of our work are: Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. Recently  , in 19  , routing indices stored at each peer are used for P2P similarity search. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. 5  , 39. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. The all-pairs similarity search problem has been directly addressed by Broder et al. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. However  , the problem on how those edit costs are obtained is still unsolved. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. This fact does not reflect correlations of features such as substitutability or compensability . Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. ads that do not appear in search sessions. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Section 7 concludes this paper. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. Finally  , the results are summarised and final conclusions are presented. This evaluation metric has been widely used in literatures 2735. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. This is due to very few documents being popular across different regions. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The initiative to search depended on a librarian explicitly recognising a similarity with a previous enquiry   , and recalling sufficient details e.g. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. Another important operation that is supported is contentbased similarity retrieval. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. We constructed several term vector representations based on ASR- text. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. the GEMINI framework 9. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. A survey can be found in 3. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. 22 define a more sophisticated similarity measure  , and design a fragment i.e. , feature-based index to assemble an approximate match. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. Finally  , a similarity search query can be very subjective depending on a specific user in given situation. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. The final Point Of Interest was obtained by searching the individual ID that was the searched Point Of Interest with the spatial search to the RDF triple Step 5. Results show that it can reduce the feature set and the index size tremendously. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. This example highlights the challenges faced by any code search approach that depends solely on term matching and textual similarity. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. Time sequences appear in various domains in modern database applications. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Therefore  , exploration and search techniques are needed that can seek quality and relevance of results beyond what keyword similarity can provide. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. 6 Offline caching of visual similarity ranking is performed to support real-time search. As a result  , clicking on the branch representing " abdb " as shown in the figure uncovers the pattern of interest. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. We refer to their method as Zhou's method. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The best score is shown in bold face. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. The search module exhaustively retrieved the documents which contained any terms/phrases composing the query. their cosine similarity is almost zero. An extreme case is that hyperplanes ω 1 ,2 and ω 2 ,3 are almost perpendicular on the definition search data i.e. Mezaris et al. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. From another perspective  , searching a gigabyte of feature data lasts only around one second. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. Using σ G s as a surrogate for user assessments of semantic similarity  , we can address the general question of how text and link analyses can be combined to derive measures of relevance that are in good agreement with semantic similarity. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. We formulated the time-dependent semantic similarity model into the format of kernel functions using the marginalized kernel technique  , which can discover the explicit and implicit semantic similarities effectively. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. We characterized several possible approaches to this problem   , and we elaborated two working systems that exploit the structure of mathematical expressions for approximate match: structural similarity search and pattern matching. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. , Ohloh Code since both are using the same underlying search model that is vector space model. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page  , every user registered and non-registered can search for public material on the system  , login for managing the owned material  , registering into the system. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The most common method used to search for a chemical molecule is substructure search 27   , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructure . The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 . It supports standard XML query languages XPath 6 and XQuery 7 and it offers advanced search and indexing functionality on XML documents.  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. there have been several attempts at building a personalized or contextual search engine3 or session based search engines 12  , our search engine has the following new features:  Incorporation of title and summary of clicked web pages and past queries in the same search session to update the query. In this paper  , as a first step towards developing such nextgeneration search engine  , a prototype search system for Web and TV programs is developed that performs integrated search of those content  , and that allows chain search where related content can be accessed from each search result. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Then similarity search can be simply conducted by calculating the Hamming distances between the codes of available data examples and the query and selecting data examples within small Hamming distances. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. Two major challenges have to be addressed for using similarity search in large scale datasets such as storing the data efficiently and retrieving the large scale data in an effective and efficient manner. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. So it is almost never the case that an ad will contain all the features of the ad search query. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Smyth 23 suggested that click-through data from users in the same " search community " e.g. , a group of people who use a special-interest Web portal or work together could enhance search. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. , 14  , or the generated graph is very dense and may contain noisy information e.g. , 4  , 10  , thus needing more computational effort and possibly being inaccurate. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. For example  , given a " query " user ui  , we recommend items by ranking the predicted ratings V T ui ∈ R n ; when n is large  , such similarity search scheme is apparently an efficiency bottleneck for practical recommender systems 33  , 32. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. To support partial chemical name searches  , our search engine segments a chemical name into meaningful sub-terms automatically by utilizing the occurrences of sub-terms in chemical names. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. Instead of exploring similarity metrics used in existing entity search  , the procedure encourages interaction among multiple entities to seek for consensus that are useful for entity search. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. The BIRS interface to the logical level consists of a set of binary predicates  , each applying a specific vague predicate to a specific attribute of document nodes e.g. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. We conduct experiments on three real-world datasets for cross-modal similarity search to verify the effectiveness of LSSH. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. This is dictory to many existing researches with aimed at making suggestions based on query similarity solely. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. From one of the authors' home page 3 it is possible to find a link to the demo web application of the developed search engine. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. In this section we describe the methods that we use to compute the similarity between pairs of search tasks  , how we mine similar tasks  , and the features that we generate for ranking. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. In that case  , the response time will be even longer. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. With the availability of massive amount of click-through data in current commercial search engines  , it becomes more and more important to exploit the click-through data for improving the performance of the search engines. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. This method improves search accuracy by combining multiple information sources of one instance  , and actually is not implemented for cross-modal similarity search. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. In addition  , source search engines rarely return a similarity score when presenting a retrieved set. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. In this paper  , we would like to approach the problem of similarity search by enhancing the full-text retrieval library Lucene 1 with content-based image retrieval facilities. Assume that we have a search engine providing a search box with sufficient space  , where the user can enter as a query the title of a course along with the course topics. With this viewpoint  , we also measure search quality by comparing the distances to the query for the K objects retrieved to the corresponding distances of the K nearest objects. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. We created two systems with nearly identical user interfaces and search capabilities  , but with one system ignorant of the speech narrative. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. The plot shows that generally  , the larger the candidate set  , the better the quality. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. where sc is the vector-space similarity of the query q with the contents of document d  , sa is the similarity of q with the anchor text concatenation associated with d  , and s h is the authority value of d. Notice that the search engine ranking function is not our main focus here. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the precision at N   , where N is the rank of the current document  , drops below 0.5 or when 2 contiguous non-relevant documents have been encountered  , the user applies content-similarity search to the first relevant document in the queue. In Chemoinformatics and the field of graph databases  , to search for a chemical molecule  , the most common and simple method is the substructure search 25  , which retrieves all molecules with the query substructures. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. These engines are known as Internet-scale code search engines 14  , such as Ohloh Code previously known as Koders and Google code search 13 discontinued service as of March 2013. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. , substructures of an entity are not simply substrings of the entity name. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. And the study on query diversity shows the influence of different query types on the search performance and combining information from multiple source can help increase search performance. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Nevertheless  , if the complete exactness of results is not really necessary  , similarity search in a highdimensional space can be dramatically speeded up by using hash-based methods which are purposefully designed to approximately answer queries in virtually constant time 42. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. First of all  , it should be mentioned that the values of similarity coefficients between search request formulations determined by means of the measures based on the responses to queries depend on document indexing parameters such as exhaustivity and specificity. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. 1 and Spearmans ρ distance to sort all the objects with respect to an arbitrary query object we obtain the same sequence in inverse order  , as Figure 1b shows. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. We investigated two popular similarity measures  , Jaccard Similarity and Cosine Similarity  , and our experiments showed that the latter had a much better performance and is used in the remainder of our experiments. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. In the latter case  , we computed the similarity between each search keyword and a given URL function inFuzzy. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. Moreover  , correlations between queries and collections are extracted over the grouplevel profiles  , based on frequency measures  , while some additional statistics are computed to quantify secondary user actions  , such as selection of Advanced Search Fields  , Collection Themes  , etc. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. The most significant one is SQ with the average R as large as 91.189 compared with other BT strategies. 21 built location information detector based on multiple data sources  , including query result page content snippets and query logs. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. We now describe the set-up of our evaluation   , in terms of datasets  , similarity functions  , and LSH functions used  , and quality metrics measured. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Approximate-match based dictionary lookup was studied under the context of string similarity search in application scenarios such as data cleaning and entity extraction e.g. , 7  , 8  , 4 . Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. Therefore  , their distance is not an absolute value but relative to the search context  , i.e. , the query. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. The search results are displayed in the standard output window in Visual Studio sorted in decreasing order based on similarity values between the query keywords and the respective methods. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Furthermore  , we believe that there is much more potential in integrating audio-based similarity  , especially if improved audio similarity measures become available. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. It consists of five key phases: the visual similarity graph construction phase Line 1  , the E-construction phase Line 2  , the decomposition phase Line 3  , the summary compression phase Line 4  , and the exemplar summary generation phase Lines 5-9. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. Because mathematical expressions are often distinguished by their structure rather than relying merely on the symbols they include  , we describe two search paradigms that incorporate structure: 1. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. With other corpora and other parameter settings for the hash-based search methods this characteristic is observed as well. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. Addressing interactive and visual descriptor choice is an important aspect of future work in our project. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. By using entities instead of text  , heterogeneous content can be handled in an integrated manner and some disadvantages of statistical similarity approaches can be avoided. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. On the one hand the size and color intensity of result nodes are adjusted according to the result similarity. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. The similarity measure employed derives from the extended family of semantic pseudo-metrics based on feature committees 4: weights are based on the amount of information conveyed by each feature  , on the grounds of an estimate of its entropy. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Then  , we compare R missing  with each of the elements in R search  and R co−occurring  to demonstrate the best possible similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Based on the structure of cooking graphs  , we proceed to propose a novel graph-based similarity calculation method which is radically different from normal text-based or content-based approaches. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. One approach to generating such suggestions is to find all pairs of similar queries based on the similarity of the search results for those queries 19. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. After index construction  , for similarity name search  , we generate a list of 100 queries using chemical names selected randomly: half from the set of indexed chemical names and half from unindexed chemical names. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. Among all the ads we collected in our dataset  , about 99.37% pairs of ads have the property that   , which means that for most of the ads  , the within ads user similarity is larger than the between ads user similarity. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. The goal is to discover all pairs of sites whose similarity exceeds some threshold  , s. Fortunately  , as shown in Section 6  , any two legitimate sites have negligible similarity. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. This is  , retrieve a set A ⊆ D such that |A| = k and ∀u ∈ A  , v ∈ D − A  , distq  , u ≤ distq  , v. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. In this section we will shortly describe the fingerprints and similarity measures widely used in the chemical domain. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. In post-retrieval fusion  , where multiple sets of search results are combined after retrieval time  , two of the most common fusion formulas are Similarity Merge Fox & Shaw  , 1995; Lee  , 1997 and Weighted Sum Bartell et al. , 1994; Thompson  , 1990. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. As a result of this the queries themselves are comparable in size to the documents in the collection. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. At eBay it's been proven that image-based information can be used to quantify image similarity  , which can be used to discern products with different visual appearances 2. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Here an article included in the Funk and Wagnalls encyclopedia is used as a search request  , and other related encyclopedia articles are retrieved in response to the query articles. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. To achieve this we sampled at 1537 samples 95% confidence for % 5  of error estimate and identified whether new samples with high similarity added any new interesting search terms. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. With two straightforward rules  , we have a declar* tive program that derives CDS/function pairs from the similarity facts for a sequence. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2. But note that we are not using this to argue the effectiveness of the k-n-match approach for full similarity.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. Some work combining geographic and temporal information extracted from documents for search and exploration tasks has been studied in 15  , 20 but without focusing on document similarity. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. A click on a particular Stage I  , II  , or III lymphoma case evokes the ad hoc similarity search which results in the interactive mapping suggestion displayed in figure 6. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. , a metric. Spatial indexing is performed using R-Trees 7  , while high-dimensional indexing relies on a proprietary scheme. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. A pair of concepts is a mapping suggestion if the similarity value is equal to or higher than a given threshold value. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. When the search is carried out  , similarity matching of retrieved images is calculated using the extracted terms from the query image and the index list in the database. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. However  , directly use these similarity metrics to detect content reuse in large collections would be very expensive. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . Details on how the similarity function is actually calculated for the relevant documents may be found in  111. It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. a complex indes stmcture with large pages optimized for IiO which accommodate a secondq search structure optimized for maximum CPU efficiency. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. We propose new document-based similarity measures to quantify the similarity in the context of multiple documents containing τ . Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. 19  , in which the overall ranking score is not only based on term similarity matching between the query and the documents but also topic similarity matching between the user's interests and the documents' topics. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Our newly proposed similarity measurement features graph structure well  , and can be combined with frequent subgraph mining to handle graph-based similarity search. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Depending on the application  , these domains could involve dimensionality equal to if not larger than the number of input vectors. For one Web site  , when a page is presented in the browser window  , the passage positioned in the middle area of the window is regarded as a query  , and similarity-based retrieval is done for the other Web site. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. The second set of issues involve data mining  , such as mining frequent substructures 6  , 11  , and similarity structure search 25  , 7  , 19  , 27   , which use some specific methods to measure the similarity of two patterns. for the query COOH  , COOH gets an exact match high score  , HOOC reverse match medium score  , and CHO2 parsed match low score. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. Supporting to similarity queries from inside SQL in a native form is important to allow optimizing the full set of search operations involved in each query posed. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. The number of documents that are part of the non-retrieved set that is greater than a threshold cutoff in similarity represents missed documents that would reduce the recall rate. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. This is done by retrieving the most relevant Wikipedia documents using a search engine  , given the whole text as a query. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. A review of home-based photo albums provides further support for the utility of viewing search results that are grouped by content features and by contexts 16. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. For our future work  , we plan to deeply investigate the reasons behind the relatively poor performance of scenario B by running more experiments. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. The similarity scheme is more complex  , requiring some IR machinery in order to measure the cosine similarity between the examined results and the term vectors induced from the Trels. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. Then the key phrases are used as queries to query the image search engine for the images relevant to the topics of the web page. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. In this paper  , we select the monolingual query similarity measure presented in 26 which reports good performance by using search users' click-through information in query logs. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . For example  , the CORI resource selection approach for federated search 10  ranks corpora with respect to the query using a tf.idf-based similarity measure. The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. Udenalfil with its Nalkylated secondary amine side chain represents a top candidate for this kind of query see Figure 5. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. The services determine a ranked list of domain-specific ontologies considerable for reuse based on string similarity and semantic similarity measures  , such as synonyms in 4 also on manual user evaluations of suggested ontologies. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. For each resource  , we measure the similarity between the R missing  and the extracted tweet page. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. We use top Web results as background knowledge  , and construct a set of features that encode semantic meaning rather than mere textual similarity measured by the lexical features:  maxMatchScoreq ,t: The maximum similarity score as described in Section 3.1 between q and any advertisement in the corpus with the bid phrase t.  abstractCosineq ,t: The cosine similarity of Q and T   , where Q is the concatenation of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for q  , and T is that of the abstracts of the top 40 search results for t.  taxonomySimilarityq ,t: The similarity of q to t with respect to the abovementioned classification taxonomy. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The DDIS group in Zurich 7 initiates the structure similar measure in ontology and workflows from the Web using their SimPack package. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. We demonstrated a novel ranking mechanism  , RACE  , to Rank the compAct Connected trEes  , by taking into account both structural similarity from the DB viewpoint and textual similarity from the IR point of view. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. The contribution of this paper is to support content-based retrieval and explorative search in research data  , by proposing a novel data similarity notion that is particularly suited in a user-centered Digital Library context. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. For computing the distance between two feature vectors  , a vast amount of distance functions is available 9 . Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. Finding them requires no change in the method of producing the self-similarity matrix  , but only a change in the direction of search – rising left to right rather than falling. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. The total cost number of sequence comparisons of our methods are up to 20 and 30 times less than that of Omni and frequency vectors  , respectively. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. We view the similarity metric as a tool for performing search across this structured dataset  , in which related entities that are not directly similar to a query can be reached via a multi-step graph walk. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. In multimedia applications  , hashing techniques have been widely used for large-scale similarity search  , such as locality sensitive hashing 4  , iterative quantization 5 and spectral hashing 8. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Moreover  , personalization of music similarity can be easily enabled in related applications  , where end users with certain information needs in a particular context are able to specify their desirable dimensions to retrieve similar music items. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. These descriptors compared by a distance function seem to very well correspond to the human perception of general visual similarity. Consider for this purpose the R m being partitioned into overlapping regions such that the similarity of any two points of the same region is above θ  , where each region is characterized by a unique key κ ∈ N. Moreover  , consider a multivalued hash func- tion , This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. An alternative to similarity ranking is to specify a template as the query and return expressions that match it as the search result 13 . The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . Semantic relatedness can be used for semantic matching in the context of the development of semantic systems such as question answering  , text entailment  , event matching and semantic search4 and also for entity/word sense disambiguation tasks. The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. Our implemented descriptor supports the similarity notion of global curve shape and is only a starting point. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. After that  , the original rank sorted by Yahoo is integrated with the similarity as candidate. However in MIND  , we do not rely on such information being present. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Hashing methods 6  , 18  , 44  , 36  , 38 are proposed to address the similarity search problem within large scale data. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. Similarity-based search in large collections of time sequences has attracted a lot of research recently in database community  , including 1  , 9  , 11  , 2  , 19  , 24  , to name just a few. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. Although these extra cases are acceptable for some thesauri  , we generalize the above recommendation and search for all concept pairs with their respective skos:prefLabel  , skos:altLabel or skos:hiddenLabel property values meeting a certain similarity threshold defined by a function sim : LV × LV → 0  , 1. Phone 1 can make a call from a phone book  , while Phone 2 cannot. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Though content based similarity calculation is an 1 the search volume numbers in the paper are for relative comparison only effective approach for text data  , it is not suitable for use in queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. To make this possible  , we propose different web graph similarity metrics and we check experimentally which of them yield similarity values that differentiate a web graph from its version with injected anomalies. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. For each query q  , we set the similarity score with respect to general domain class as 1  , and after normalizing similarity scores with respect to all five classes  , we can obtain a soft query classification. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. A similarity-based query is forwarded  , where the user presents an exemplar image instance  , but only incompletely specifies the feature attributes that are important for conducting the search. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. , " Microsoft "  and the partial address  " New York  , NY "   , individually  , the combined query has much fewer high-similarity matches. As can be expected  , this helps to focus the search considerably. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. Hence  , to measure how similar two queries are  , we can use a notion of similarity between the corresponding categories provided by the search results of Google Directory. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. The reason for this is that no real definition of protein similarity exists; each scientist has a different idea of similarity depending on the protein structure and search outcome goal. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Similarity search for web services is challenging because neither the textual descriptions of web services and their operations nor the names of the input and output parameters completely convey the underlying semantics of the operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. Our contribution We propose a new model of similarity of time sequences that addresses the above concerns and present fast search techniques for discovering similar sequences. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. Citation links and other similarity measures form a directed graph with documents as the nodes and similarity relationships as the edges. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. A similarity score between each place vector from Google Places and each preference vector based on the cosine measure was then computed. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. This model is primarily concerned with the two important problems of query expansion   , namely with the selection and with the weighting of additional search terms. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. Pfeifer et al 1996performed experiments for measuring retrieval effectiveness of various proper name search methods. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. A similarity range query retrieves all objects in a large database that are similar to a query object  , typically using a distance function to measure the dissimilarity. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Most of them use the " full text search " technologies which retrieve a large amount of documents containing the same keywords to the query and rank them by keyword-similarity. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. Thus  , we are presented with a difficult choice: if the data is represented in original format using the inverted index  , it is less effective for performing documentto-document similarity search; on the other hand  , when the data is transformed using latent semantic indexing  , we have a data set which cannot be indexed effectively. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. There are research works e.g. , 3 similar to ours in which the score of every location in the document of the search term contributes differently to the document similarity. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. This paper contributes to an aspect of similarity search that receives increasing attention in information retrieval: The use of hashing to significantly speed up similarity search. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. We performed a number of experiments on the joined messenger and search data described in the previous section. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. We show that the distance between ORN graphs is an effective measurement of image semantic similarity. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. We introduce a system to re-rank current Google image search results. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " For queries that have homogeneous visual concepts all images look somewhat alike the proposed approach improves the relevance of the search results. Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. Thus  , the discriminative score for each candidate s with respect to F is defined as: αs = | ∩ s ∈F ∧s s D s |/|Ds|. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The second application is in content-based image search  , where it may suffice to show a cached image that is similar to a query image; independent of our work  , Falchi et al. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The normalized optimal matching weight is used as the semantic similarity between the queries. Notice the difference between the scale of the top diagram and the scales of the other two diagrams. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. We plan to study these issues in the near future. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . We selected the DRs in the DMS that were marked as duplicates and each corresponding master report. FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. For each video clip  , FRAS representation can capture not only its inter-frame similarity information but also sequence context information. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. Contributions and Organization: We have just formally defined " researcher recommendation "   , an instance of " similar entity search " for the academic domain. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. Finally  , we rank the suggestions based on their similarity with user's profiles. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. The stated comfort with search modes and the perceived effective strategies matched the performance discussed above. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. Additional parameters are tuned by running a hill-climbing search on the training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. We identify the concepts in a query to feed them to our document search engine  , as it needs to calculate the concept similarity. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The query is issued to the corresponding index and a series of possibly relevant records are returned by the search engine. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. If they are not available  , the importance of textual similarity measures increases  , with Jaccard index being clearly preferred over Levenshtein distance. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. The Match operator finds approximate matches to a query string. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. The pioneering work by Agrawal et al. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. We also address the efficient query answering issue. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold. If their types match  , we further check whether they are synonyms.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. This technique allows us to index the time series in order to achieve fast similarity search under uniform scaling. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Similarity search has been touted as an effective approach to find relevant images in a multimedia document collection . In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Previous work up to now has maintained a text matching approach to this task. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. Requirements of database management DB and information retrieval IR systems overlap more and more. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. We can observe that LSSH can significantly outperform baseline methods on both cross-modal similarity search tasks which verifies the effectiveness of LSSH. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search. The parameter γ controls the connection of latent semantic spaces.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. One approach 3 utilizes the following inequality that calculates the 1-norm and ∞-norm of each vector: Simdi  , dj ≤ min||di||∞||dj||1  , ||dj||∞||di||1 < τ. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. Figure 2 describes the function of each task T k in partitionbased similarity search. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. The disjunctions of certain reduced atomic index terms would then be query cluster representatives. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. Search history can go back as far as one month. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Li et al. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 and reduces that of the entropy-based approach by a factor of 5 to 8. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. Lin et al. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. Table 4summarizes recall and scan rate for both method. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. 12 propose a method figure 1c that applies LSH on a learned metric referred as M+LSH in Table 1. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. Furthermore the LSH based method E2LSH is proposed in 20. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. To address the issues associated with the basic and entropybased LSH methods  , we propose a new method called multiprobe LSH  , which uses a more systematic approach to explore hash buckets. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Acknowledgments. Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . We have used two datasets in our evaluation. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. Another sensitivity question is whether the search quality of the multi-probe LSH method is sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. One of the best known LSH methods for handling 1 distances is based on stable distributions 2. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. In a recent theoretical study 22  , Panigrahy proposed an entropy-based LSH method that generates randomly " perturbed " objects near the query object  , queries them in addi-tion to the query object  , and returns the union of all results as the candidate set. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1 is a simple method figure  1a in which bit vector representation for a data point object is obtained from projecting the data vector on several random directions   , and converting the projected values to {0  , 1} by thresholding. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. , near duplicates are assigned to the same hash value with a high probability p 1 . Thus  , we replace it with a near-duplicates detection method. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. As Yu's method is based on skeleton  , which usually can't be appropriately extracted especially when the character is scratchy or complex  , the recognition rate will be pretty low in clerical script and cursive script. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In this paper  , we propose a novel method  , called LSH-based large scale Chinese calligraphic character recognition on CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. To tackle this issue  , we propose to employ LSH to eliminate unnecessary similarity computations between unrelated articles  , and get a rough separation on the original news corpus. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. The similarity score of two documents is derived by counting the number of identical hash values  , divided by m. As m increases  , this scheme will approximate asymptotically the true similarity score given by the specific function fsim. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. Hence we restrict our attention to perturbation vectors ∆ with δi ∈ {−1  , 0  , 1}. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. In the results  , unless otherwise specified  , the default values are W = 0.7  , M = 16 for the image dataset and W = 24.0  , M = 11 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. By probing multiple hash buckets per table  , the multiprobe LSH method can greatly reduce the number of hash tables while finding desired similar objects. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. We use the same LSH- FSD system parameters as 10  , 11  , namely K=13 hashcode bits and L=70 hashtables  , the hashing trick is used with a pool of size 2 18 and we select 2000 tweets and a back-off threshold of bt=0.6 for the variance reduction step. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. This is because LSH method is data-oblivious and may lead to inefficient codes in practice as also observed in 22 and 34. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. Our experiments show that the LSH-based method is effective and efficient for recognizing Chinese calligraphic character and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Instead of using space partitioning  , it relies on a new method called localitysensitive hashing LSH. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. As a result  , the precision is significantly improved without sacrificing too much recall. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. For new user recommendation in our scenario  , we take the transpose of the collaborative matrix A as input and supply user features instead of items features. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. Simulated Annealing: Guided evolutionary simulated annealing GESA 19 combines simulated annealing and simulated evolution in a novel way. First  , out of all the children in a family  , the child with the best performance value will be selected. As compared with gradient-based or conjugate-type search  , simulated annealing can escape local minimum points 12. Extension of the simulated annealing technique include the mean field annealing 13 and the tree annealing 1141. Simulated annealing takes a fixed number R of rounds to explore the solution space. We obtain an approximate solution to the problem using simulated annealing 22  , 23. 's simulated annealing solver. 24 simulator  , using GraspIt! It has been applied to a variety of optimization problems. However  , we found that SEESAW ran much faster and produced results with far less variance than simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. However  , to the best of our knowledge  , application of simulated annealing to disambiguate overlapping shapes is a novel contribution. Carnevali  , et al. , 2   , applied simulated annealing to construct an image from known sets of shapes in the presence of noise. Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. In the next part  , this solution is forwarded to the simulated annealing procedure with parameters: T = 5800  , α = 0.6  , I max = 10. 3Table 4 : Example parameters for simulated annealing applied to the data point disambiguation prob- lem. The result is the modified assignment: Simulated annealing redispatches missions to penalize path overlapping. There are very few known constructions for mixed-level covering arrays. For these arrays  , simulated annealing finds an optimal solution. The situation can be improved by solving TSP strictly. The solution using a Simulated Annealing method is sub-optimum. The remaining query-independent features are optimised using FLOE 18. Field-based models are trained through simulated annealing 23. 6  , a path that avoids obstacles can be generated. Applying the method of simulated annealing can be time consuming. c Potential field at low output T= 1. 7 introduced "simulated annealing" principle to a multi-layered search for the global maximum. More recently  , Deutscher et ai. Table 5gives the overall results of these experiments using an annealing constant of 0.4 and 10k iterations. The results are compared to non-annealing methods and their effectiveness was demonstrated. To find a near-optimal solution  , we employed the simulated annealing method which has been shown effective for solving combinatorial optimization problems. It was shown that the perfomance of simulated annealing using the metric developed in this paper performs better than with another cost function which seeks to maximize the number of overlapping modules. The method of simulated annealing was used with this metric as the energy function for two sets of initial and final configurations one simply connected and one containing a loop. Simulated annealing2 is a stochastic optimization technique that enables one to find 'low cost' configuration without getting trapped by the 'high cost' local minima. In order to solve this problem  , we choose to use the simulated annealing SA2 method. we continued to extend the optimization procedure  , including a version of simulated annealing. email sw@microsoft.com 1 Now the University o f W estminster. Simulated anneahng has been used m a variety of apphcation areas to good effect Klrkpatrlck 83. They found that annealing produced good results but was computatlona.lly expensive. 15 proposed a simulated annealing approach to obtain optimal measurement pose set for robot calibration. 319- index for all the possible pose sets  , Zhuang et al. They defined an observability index  , e.g. This is due to the fact that the Simulated Annealing method is a stochastic approach. But they are not consecutive  , and with a second resolution  , the problem disappears. This method is able to search the solution space and find a good solution for the problem. We thus use simulated annealing 10  , a global optimization method. In each round a random successor of the current solution is looked at. A brute force approach will not work because the number of possible solutions grows exponentially. proposed a simulated annealing approach with several heuristics 9  , and Mathioudakis et al. Besides the above heuristics using greedy approach  , Jiang et al. function based on this metric to zero. In section 4  , the method of simulated annealing is used to drive the cost. Table 2lists the obtained space and performance figures. Solutions for the SB approach were obtained running simulated annealing for R = 50  , 000 rounds. where the parameter T corresponds to artificial temperature in the simulated annealing method. Construction of more complex structure will be addressed in future studies. The constraints used were similarity in image intensity and smoothness in disparity . Barnard 3 presented a stochastic optimization technique  , simulated annealing  , to fuse a pair of stereo images. In all our experiments  , the term frequency normalisation parameters are optimised using Simulated Annealing 15. We then swap the training and testing queries and repeat the experiments. Simulated annealing SA is implemented to optimize the global score S in Equation 1. The optimal threshold is 0.09 from the experiment. Standard weighting models and term dependence models are deployed with their commonly suggested parameter settings in the literature . Simulated Annealing devised by Kirkpatrick  , et. Furthermore  , the time-varying nature of the current problem prohibits one from formulating an adequate cost function. The candidate of route is generated randomly. The simulated annealing method is used in order not to be trapped into a bad local optimum. By decreasing T gradually  , units tries possible reachable positions uniformly in earlier steps. We take mean field annealing approach MFA  , which is a deterministic approach and requires much less computational complexity than simulated annealing  , to locate the constrained global optimal solution. In this paper  , we model target boundary as a global contour energy minimum under a constraint of region features. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. However  , no results have been produced for mixed level arrays using these methods. Computational search techniques to find fixed level covering arrays include standard techniques such as hill climbing and simulated annealing. Harmon's writing inspired us try simulated annealing to search the what-ifs in untuned COCOMO models 16. requirements engineering 12 but most often in the field of software testing 1 . Analogously  , for the SB approach the parameter κ  , as an upper-bound on the allowed space blowup  , was varied between 1.0 and 3.0. In this study  , maximizing L is equivalent to minimizing  In theory  , simulated annealing can find the global optimal solution that can maximize the function value by promising a proper probability. However  , practical difficulties arise in two aspects. In principle  , the sub-optimal task sequence planning can be implemented by integrating the computation of the step motion times with simulated annealing. Table 8compares results for some fixed level arrays reported in 22 . Simulated annealing consistently does as well or better than hill climbing  , so we report only those results for the next two tables. We apply simulated annealing SA in order to resolve individual data points within a region of overlap. Overlapping data points occur frequently in 2-D plots and identifying each individual data point and its coordinates is a difficult task. Second  , Simulated Annealing SA starts at a random state and proceeds by random moves  , which if uphill  , are only accepted with certain probability. Its output at the end is the least cost local minimum that has been visited. Techniques like simulated annealing  , the AB technique Swly93  , and iterative improvement will be essential. there are so many parallel alternatives  , you will need efficient ways to prune the unreasonable choices quickly. To this purpose we have proposed randomized procedures based on genetic programming or simulated annealing 8  , 9. Thus  , the choice of the optimal feature sets may require a preliminary feature construction phase. With the same objective  , genetic search strategies Goldberg891 can be applied to query optimization  , as a generalization of randomized ones EibengOl. Examples of such strategies are simulated-annealing Ioannidis871 and iterative- improvement Swami88. Thus  , a deformation that increases the objective function is sometimes generated  , which improves the performance of optimization. In the method adopted here  , simulated annealing is applied in the simplex deformation. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. We plan to study this possibility in future work. As suggested by one reviewer  , local optimum can be escaped by introducing stochastic elements to this greedy heuristic or by using Simulated annealing. On comparison with the simulated annealing method used in a prior publications 16  , we found that seesawing between {Low  , High} values was adequate for our purposes. We have conducted experiments with other approaches that allow intermediate values. To get around this inter-dcpcndency problem  , we can decompose the problem into two parts and take an itcrativc approach. Simulated annealing can be helpful to address very large size problems or optimize response times directly WolfM. Simulated Annealing the system has frozen. This has been estimated as cardphyEnt * k factor k has been proposed to be equal to 1 in Table 2: Extensibility Primitives for implementing randomized and genetic strategies 4.2.2. In this method  , the TSP was solved as a sub-optimal exploration path by using a Simulated Annealing method SI. The path generation problem can be modeled as the Traveling Salesman Problem TSP SI. A hybrid methodology that uses simulated annealing and Lagrangian relaxation has recently been developed to handle the set-up problem in systems with three or more job classes ll. The method needs to be extended to a multiclass system. If the increment of a joint angle between its start and goal is large enough so that As the temperature is slowly lowered the simplex crawls out of local minima and converges upon the global minimum. There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. Of course  , in many cases constructions are not known or may not exist such as is true in the last two entries of this table. In order to investigate larger spaces  , randomized search strategies have been proposed to improve a start solution until obtaining a local optimum. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. By iterative deformation of a simplex  , the simplex moves in the parameter space for reducing the objective function value in the downhill simplex method. Since there is no guarantee of a unique extremum in the cost function   , a method like simulated annealing can be used to optimize the cost function 22. Otherwise  , a numerical method is necessary. al  , 1983  has been shown effective in solving large combinato enable transitions from the local minima to higher energy states and then to the minimum in a broader area  , a statistical approach was introduced. Even thouglh simulated annealing is a very powerful technique  , it has the uncertainties associated with a randomized approach. Since the configuration has to remain connected at all times  , reconfiguration in this case involves overcoming 'deep' local minima. Since softassign determines the correspondence between data sets  , the exact correspondences are not needed in advance. The rate at which the correspondences are tightened is controlled by a simulated annealing schedule. Essentially local techniques such as gradient descent  , the simplex method and simulated annealing are not well suited to such landscapes. There are often several distinct valleys as occlusion and accessibility constraints can cut the scene in two. Further more  , literature on this method doesn't mention any restriction about its use. We don't find iliis property in other methods such as Simulated Annealing 1  , Tabou research  , or local search. Perhaps a non-gradient-based global approach  , such as a genetic or simulated annealing technique might be more appropriate to this problem. The optimizer struggled with these on occasion. A high sparseness parameter leads to rules that have a few large and many small but non-zero coefficients. Of course  , one can utilize simulated annealing or any other global optimization strategy as well. Association discovery is a fundamental data mining task. This property opens the way to randomized search e.g. , simulated annealing  , which should improve the quality of models selected by LLA procedures. Simulated annealing has been used by Nurmela and¨Ostergård and¨ and¨Ostergård 18  , to construct covering designs which have a structure very similar to covering arrays. For a table of known upper bounds for Ø ¾ see 22. While our techniques are fully general  , we have emphasized the fixed level cases in our reporting so that we can make comparisons with results in the literature. The simulated annealing program is based on that of 18. Randomized strategies do not  , guarantee that the best solution is obtained  , but avoid the high cost of optimization. Examples of such strategies are Simulated Annealing SA IC91 and Iterative Improvement II Sw89 . The method of simulated annealing provides suck a technique of avoiding local minima. This prompts a need to develop a technique to escape from local minima through tunnelling or hill-climbing. First  , we introduce some additional notation to be used in this section: T start denotes the initial temperature parameter in simulated annealing  , f T < 1 denotes the multiplicative factor by which the temperature goes down every I T iterations and N is the number of samples drawn from the stationary distribution. In this section  , we present experimental results on simulated datasets  , a microarray gene expression dataset and a movie recommendation dataset.  Query term distribution and term dependence are two similar features that rely on the difference of the query term distributions between the the homepage collection and the content-page collection. The ratio for a navigational query bestbuy is 3.3  , which is smaller than that of simulated annealing. All of these lechniques musl  , lo be successful  , must outperform exhaustive search optimiJalion above 10 01 15 way joins in selecting access paths while Hill being within a few percent of the optimal plan. Changes in the robot's base position to the left  , right or back did not notably increase the overall grasp quality in that setup. The information about the grasp quality was delivered from ROS' own grasp planning tool  , which uses a simulated annealing optimization to search for gripper poses relative to the object or cluster 27. Relationship between the number of AGV and average of duality gap route for the entire AGV is always generated taking the entire AGV into account. Others like 6 proposes a rule-based on-line scheduling system for an FMS that generates appropriate priority rules to select a transition to be fired from a set of conflicting transitions. Another work aksolves this problem based on the simulated annealing to technique obtain a modified schedule by rescheduling. Other important questions in this context that need to be explored are: How to choose classes ? The correspondences are loosely enforced initially and refined as the iterations proceed so that  , upon convergence  , each point on one surface has a single corresponding point on the other surface . This is unlike simulated annealing or MaxWalkSat  , which simultaneously offer settings to all features at every step of their reasoning. SEESAW incrementally grows solutions from unconstrained where all features can take any value in {Low  , High} to fully constrained where all features are set to a single value. However the substantial time required and perhaps the complexity of implementing such methods has led to the widespread use of simpler heuristics  , such as hill-climbing 8 and greedy methods. If the size of the test suite is the overriding concern  , simulated annealing or tabu search often yields the best results . The key to using simulated annealing to compute something useful is to get the energy mini- mization function to correspond to some important relationship  , for example  , the closeness of For the purposes of this paper we will give exampIes from the medium-sized AI tools knowledge base. 'l In order to generate a path that could avoid obstacles  , we set the path length that is overlapped by obstacle as infinite. Additionally  , because of the initially high control parameter value analogous to temperature in the simulated annealing dynamics of GESA  , a poorly performing child can succeed the parent of its family in the initial stages  , thus enabling escape from local minimum traps. At the same time  , it preserves some diversity as a hedge. The simulated annealing method has been used in many applications; TSP  , circuit design  , assembly design as well as manufacturing problems  , for example  , for lot size and inventory control Salomon  , et. However  , the initial state is not meaningful and does not affect the result Laarhoven ans Aarts  , 19871. This is because if there is a move possible which reduces energy   , simulated annealing will always choose that and in that case the value of the ratio AEIT does not influence the result. Another observation was that the initial temperature had no noticeable effect when the optimal assignment metric is used as the energy function. We then illustrate how this metric is applied to the motion planning/selfreconfiguration of metamorphic robotic systems. Further  , they propose the use of simulated annealing to attempt to solve the reconfiguration problem. In 4 and 5  , Pamecha and Chirikjian examine the theoretic bounds of reconfiguration on such a system  , including the upper and lower bounds on the minimum number of moves required for reconfiguration. For this project  , we have used a different approach  , which is to seed the search space with many guesses  , taking the best one the smallest average distance error  , and running it to minimization. In previous work  , we used a simulated annealing method to find the local minimum 9. Variation of iterations The impact of a duplication of the number of performed iterations is relatively small and very much depends on the type of investigated graph G. Further information is given in the appendix. Note that if one wants to avoid setting p at all  , one may resort to Simulated Annealing. Instead of using probability to decide on a move when the cost is higher  , a worse feasible solution is chosen if the cost is less than the current threshold 1 . These follow a strategy similar to simulated annealing but often display more rapid convergence. We employ simulated annealing  , a stochastic optimization method to segregate these shapes and find the method to be fairly accurate. To extract data precisely from figures in digital documents  , one must segregate the overlapping shapes and identify the shape and the center of mass of each overlapping data point. Figure 7 shows the result of simulated annealing in trajectory planning when applied to the example in figure 6d. Thus  , the gradual shaping of the collision regions can be achieved by the decrease of the output temperature T starting from a high value. They are difficult to initialize owing to the wide forbidden regions  , and apt to fall into poor local minima and then waste a lot of time locating them very precisely. Planning of motion has exploited the strength of simulated annealing 15  , distributed approaches 13 ,16-171  , closed-chain reconfiguration  181 and multi-layered solvers  10 ,12 ,19. In the literature  , several approaches have been proposed to discover the associations between the task described in the operational space and the corresponding actions to be carried out simultaneously in the cell level. are used with simulated annealing where C denotes the current configuration of the robot and F denotes the final configuration desired. Second  , the metric defined using concepts of optimal assignment developed in Sections 3 and 4 applied to the current and final configurations is an energy function : First  , the difference of the number of modules and the number of overlapping modules of any two configurations with the same number of modules defined as overlap metric in Section 3 is considered. As a result  , it is best suited for performing; a number of off line simulations and then using the best one out of those to reconfigure the robot instead of real time application. In this paper we define a useful metric which is one of many possibtle measures of distance between configurations of a metamorphic system. However   , our method is not time-consuming and experimental results show that we always get a correct minimum in a low number of iterations. Unlike stochastic relaxakion methods such as simulated annealing  , we cannot ensure that the global minimum of the function is reached. The difficulty is that in a complex image context  , the target boundary is usually a global energy minimum under certain constraints for instance  , constraints of target object interior characteristics instead of the actual global energy minimum contour. The second category of DCMs model target boundary as global energy minimum 10 11 and take global optimization approaches specifically simulated annealing to locate them. Moreover  , it is worth noticing that  , since the search strategy and the application context are independent from each other  , it is possible to easily re-use and experiment strategies developed in other disciplines  , e.g. To avoid this  , in our first tests on the first two benchmarks   , we applied a simulated annealing based 10 optimization method  , which optimized the parameters of the underlying learning method. In the field of machine learning  , determining the hyperparameters of a learning method is important and if they are improperly chosen these parameters can induce a poor performance. Additionally  , contrary to classical approaches in statistics that rather assess the modification of two nested models  , Chordalysis-Mml can assess models in isolation. The technique proposed assumes the parameter space to be discrete and runs the randomized query optimizer for each point in the parameter space. INSS92 presents a randomized approach – based on iterative improvement and simulated annealing techniques – for parametric query optimization with memory as a parameter. Once the optimization procedure has selected a dig  , it can be mapped back to the joints of the excavator. In simulated annealing  , the current state may be replaced by a successor with a lower quality. If the objective function value of the successor MP C  is lower than that of the current best partition MP C  , we move to the successor with a Kuo and Chen propose an approach that utilizes a controlled vocabulary from cross-document co-reference chains for event clus- tering 17  , 18. The other method defines a global score function over the whole collection and solves the optimization problem with simulated annealing. In this paper  , we present a stochastic search technique using simulated annealing to solve the machine loading problem in FAS. , n. A product i requires at most m operations in order to produce final product and there are precedence constraints between operations. Our method gives feasible solution by judicious choice of parameters and outperforms the method proposed by Lashkari 5  , in terms of the quality of the optimal solution. Another difficult issue only briefly mentioned in our previous presentation  , was the constraint that the robots had to end up in specific locations. Figure 4illustrates CSSA for the case where the user requires the best K solutions exceeding the similarity specified by target. Configuration similarity simulated annealing CSSA  , based on 215  , performs random walks just like iterative improvement Figure 3Parameter tuning for GCSA but in addition to uphill  , it also accepts downhill moves with a certain probability  , trying to avoid local maxima. However  , in challenging situations  , where a combination of region and image gradient information fails to accurately identify the target boundary  , those methods still tends to be trapped into undesired local energy minima. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. It has also been extended to allow partial coverage of the required skills  , introducing a multi-objective optimization problem that is optimized using simulated annealing 8 . This problem has been extended to cases in which potentially more than one member possessing each skill is required  , and where densitybased measures are used as objectives 9 ,15. It may also be undesirable that randomization without the use of stored seeds in these types of methods produce different results each time the method is used. See 8  , 25 for data on accuracy and execution time of simulated annealing and tabu search. Both the Mozer and the Bein and Smolensky models used a-constant link weight between terms and document$ CODEFINDER extends the model further by making use of inverse document frequency measures for link weights. This is similar to simulated annealing techniques 2. But the grasp quality increased by 32.5% when the robot's torso was driven to the " up " position from the initial pose. This problem is a very complex version of a traveling salesman problem TSP and is not easily solvable since even the ordinary TSP is hard to find the exact solution. In Section 4  , the time-suboptimal task sequence planning and time-efficient trajectory planning for two arms with free final configurations and unspecified terminal travelling time are integrated. Section 3 formulates the inspection task sequence planning as a variation of the TSP  , and simulated annealing 15  is introduced to find a timesuboptimal route. In PT modification  , which occurs in randomized and genetic strategies  , states are complete IQ  , an action is a transform or a crossover method and the goal description involves a stop condition based on specific parameters of the search strategies e.g. , time constraint in iterative-improvement  , temperature in simulated-annealing or number of generations in genetic strategies. Experimental evaluation suggests that x 0 = 0.8 and a T 0 equal to the similarity of the initial solution  , is the best combination for the initial value of T. For decreasing the value of T  , we apply the common e.g. , 19 decrement rule: Thus  , the training time for the simulated annealing method can be greatly reduced. It was found experimentally that if the NN is trained once at a low temperature and the output temperature temperature of sigmoidal function of hidden layer is set to a high temperature T  , and then frozen down gradually   , the effects on the potential function are similar to the ones obtained by having trained the NN each time the temperature is reduced. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. This also happens to be the KB that we did more experiments on since it provided more complexity and more representative prob- lems. For example  , in both cases AEi is always negative for some move i  , until a local minima is reached and such minima are few in the complete reconfiguration of the robot from the initial to the final configuration. It deals effectively with path planning  , and incorporates the method of simulated annealing to avoid local minima regardless of domain dimension or complexity . Our path planning approach provides flexibility due to the automatic use of as many VPs as necessary based on the complexity of the planned path  , efficiency due to the use of the necessary via points for the path representation at all times  , and massive parallelism due to the parallel computation of individual VP motions with only local infonnation. This parameter selection approach can be viewed as a function minimizing method  , where the input of the objective function is the parameter of the underlying learner and the value of the function is the aggregated error of the underlying method on a fixed optimization set. A way to avoid local minima is the use of simulated annealing on the potential field representation of the obstacle regions: the potential field represents abstractly the obstacle region and  , as time goes by  , the representation becomes more accurate. However  , due to the representation of the collision function by a potential field  , path planning may stick into local minima as it is shown in figure 6 d where the obstacle regions are represented by two rectangular regions. The concept of building robots which are capable of changing their structure according to the needs of the prescribed task and the conditions of the environment has been inspired from the idea of forming topologically different objects with a single and massively interconnected system. In PT generation  , the initial state is constituted by the relations and predicates from the input query together with related schema information  , states are join nodes  , an action is an expand method and goal states are join nodes that correspond to complete PTs e.g. , j2 and j3 in Figure 1. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. This mechanism guarantees a new pattern will be correctly assigned into corresponding clusters. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. 19. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Links are labeled with sets of keywords shared by related documents. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. The hierarchy among the maps is established as follows. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. Combining the 256 coefficients for the 17 frequency bands results in a 4352-dimensional vector representing a 5-second segment of music. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. This relationship is then visualized in a 2D or 3D-space. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. That is  , similar prototypes are near each other on the map. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. As these new methods are certainly projecting data in a complementary way  , and that the tabular view is easily understood  , we aim in this paper to add a tabular view for any 2D data cloud by an alternative approach to the selforganizing map. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. In the region shown  , €7: = f -'  W l    , the zero reference point s = 0 of each self-organizing map approximating a self-motion manifold is at the location of minimum manipulability  , while maximum manipulability is obtained for a value of s = MaxM of about f0.7 in units defined in 12. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . , orgamzlng map h-a remarkable tradition in effective reg~ tance 7  , 8. Basically  , the generative topographic mapping is a latent variable density model with an apparently sound statistical foundation which is claimed to have several advantageous properties when compared to self-organizing maps  , but no signifkant disadvantages. To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . Each point in our sample space is a language model  , which typically has several thousand dimensions. In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. The Self-Organizing Map generated a In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. The problem of mapping perceptual situations into commands can be actually decomposed into two sta- I ges: a classification of a measured perceptual situation and an association a locomotion action with a perceptual class. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. An interesting experiment was done with the Kohonen's self-organizing map SOM 12. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. It is a generai unsupervised tool for ordering highdimensionai statistical data in such a way that alike input items are mapped close to each other. In this paper  , however  , the authora use just a fairly small and thus ~ alistic document representation  , made up from 25 &at&t terms taken horn the titles of scientific papers. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The result is the definition of a new similarity measure based on three characteristics derived from the visitor sessions: the sequence of visited pages  , their content and the time spent in each one of them. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. the class name  , is shown at the respective position in the figure. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. The self-organizing map and related models have been used in a number of occasions for the classification and representation of document collections. The remainder of this paper is organized as follows: Section 2 provides an overview of related work in the field of music retrieval. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In this contribution we present the " Parameterized Self- Organizing Map " PSOM approach  , which is particularly useful in situation where a high-dimensional  , continuous mapping is desired. Path finding in static or partially changing environments is described in section 4. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. We can map the tuples of a data set to lines in the dual plane and then store and query the induced arrangement. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. This work presents a tool that can help experts  , in addition to their traditional tools based on quantitative inspection of some relevant variables  , to easily visualize the evolution of the engine health. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. Variations to the idea of providing a visual space with objects corresponding to sound files have been proposed in 12 where a heuristic variation of multi-dimensional scaling FastMap is used to map sound objects into an Euclidean space preserving their similarities and in 13 where a growing self-organizing map is used to preserve sound similarities calculated using psychoacoustic measures in order to visualize music collections as a set of islands on a map. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. YUV values of the object are calculated  , values of the pressure sensors at the gripper  , and width of the gripper hereinafter  , these pressure and width data are combined and called " hand data "  are integrated using Kohonen maps in this experiment. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. 3 or Eqn. Initialization. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. Stochastic gradient descent SGD methods iteratively update the parameters of a model with gradients computed by small batches of b examples. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. Following the standard stochastic gradient descent method  , update rules at each iteration are shown in the following equations. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. However  , the application is completely different. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. 1 and Eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . This step can be solved using stochastic gradient descent. Random data sample selection is crucial for stochastic gradient descent based optimization. It is of the following form: 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Because Hogwild! N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. L is the average number of non-zero features in each training instance. Notice that the DREAM model utilize an iterative method in learning users' representation vectors. Then we update parameters utilizing Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD until converge. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. This makes each optimization step independent of the total number of available datapoints. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. We further propose a method to optimize such a problem formulation within the standard stochastic gradient descent optimization framework. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Then  , the following relation exists between Stochastic gradient descent is a common way of solving this nonconvex problem. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. Also  , stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. In the M-step  , we fix the posteriors and update Λ that maximizes Equation 8. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. That is , As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . 2 is minimized. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. When a non-square matrix A is learned for dimensionality reduction   , the resulting problem is non-convex  , stochastic gradient descent and conjugate gradient descent are often used to solve the problem. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. Often  , regularization terms The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. Joint Objective. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. The problem can be solved by existing numerical optimization methods such as alternating minimization and stochastic gradient descent. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. In our implementation  , we use the alternating optimization for its amenability for the cold-start settings. SGD requires gradients  , which can be effectively calculated as follows: Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. This is can be solved using stochastic gradient descent or other numerical methods. Given an estimate F *   , the problem is reduced to estimating maximum entropy model parameters λ that minimizes the quadratic loss in Equation 4. We alternatively execute Stage I and Stage II until the parameters converge. In Stage II  , we maximize the model likelihood with respect to U and Ψ   , this procedure can be implemented by stochastic gradient descent. where w i is the hypothesis obtained after seeing supervision S 1   , . Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the Retrospectively  , this choice now bears fruit  , as the update exists as an average amenable to stochastic gradient descent. We are able to sample graphs from qH according to Section 4. The mini-batch size of the stochastic gradient descent is set as 1 for all the methods. All the embedding vectors are finally normalized by setting || w||2 = 1. It is similar to batch inference with the constrained optimization problem out of minimizing negative log-likelihood with L2 regularization in Equation 5 replaced by Stochastic gradient descent is used for the online inference . For optimization  , we just use stochastic gradient descent in this paper. where σ −1 i represents the item ranked in position i of σ  , and |Ru| is the length of user u's rating profile. It is a fairly standard and publicly available procedure  , which require no any special knowledge or skills. In fact  , we considered  , also  , model N4 -matrix factorisation via stochastic gradient descent 11  , but it did not produce any significant improvement. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. in the training set  , for which the correct translation is assigned rank 1. Here  , we adopt the Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD method  , a widely used learning method for large-scale data  , to learn parameters. Many methods are available to optimize the objective function above. The prediction of a diverse ranking list is then provided by iteratively maximizing the learned ranking function. Details on how the model is optimized using Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD are given in Section V. This is followed by experiments in Section VI. In Section IV the proposed ranking loss is described in detail. First  , the number of positive examples would put a lower bound on the mini-batch size. This na¨ıvena¨ıve approach to construct the mini-batches for stochastic gradient descent has two main drawbacks. Thus  , next we show how to address this issue such that we can use stochastic gradient descent effectively. 6  , is the limiting factor to draw individual samples from each hypothesis set. Inspired by stochastic gradient descent method  , we propose an efficient way of updating U  , called stochastic learning . per iteration  , and ON 2  memory is needed to store S. Such cost in both computation and storage is unacceptable when N grows large. Considering the data size of the check-in data  , we use stochastic gradient descent 46 to update parametersˆUparametersˆ parametersˆU C   , ˆ V C   , andˆTandˆ andˆT C . Thus  , we only need to estimate the gradient with a very small subset 10 −4 sample rate is adopted in our method of training pairs sampled from R at each iteration. In recommendations   , the number of observations for a user is relatively small. Since the objective − log py decomposes into the sum of the negative log marginals  , we can use stochastic gradient descent with respect to users for training with GPFM. We create CNNs in the Theano framework 29 using stochastic gradient descent with momentum with one convolutional layer  , followed by a max-pooling layer and three fully connected layers. We wish to run our own standard CNN over the 85 problems as a benchmark to understand how it compares to other competing approaches before comparing MCNN to the state of the art. All the CLSM models in this study are trained using mini-batch based stochastic gradient descent  , as described by Shen et al. In practice  , however  , we did observe the data sizes to be comparable across all three datasets during this study. With the negative log marginal given in equation 15  , learning becomes an optimization problem with the optimization variables being the set {X  , X bias   , θ  , σ}. Finally  , after we obtain these parameters  , for a user i  , if the time slot of her next dining is k  , the top-K novel restaurants will be recommended according to the preference ranking of the restaurants  , which is given as We use stochastic gradient descent 45 to solve this optimization problem. Since the number of parameters is large and there are tremendous amount of training data  , we use stochastic gradient descent SGD to learn the model  , since it is proven to be scalable and effective. First  , we look at the top layer weights for field pairs: We develop a Stochastic Gradient Descent SGD based optimization procedure to learn the context-aware latent representations by jointly estimating context related parameters and users' and items' latent factors. We instantiate the proposed framework using biased MF model  , a popular MF based model for rating prediction. This is not a very restrictive assumption since we use stochastic gradient descent which requires to take small steps to converge. We assume that F x; w changes slowly for not affected values and more so for values for which gradients are applied. The objective function in 1 is nonconvex and an iterative method such as alternating least square ALS or stochastic gradient descent SGD should converge to a local minimum. Method 1 is one of the most effective approaches for rating prediction in recommender systems 21  , 28  and has been extensively studied in the machine learning literature see for example 25  , 37  , 36  , 22  , 35  , 27 . Since there is no closed form solution for the parameters w and b that minimize Equation 1  , we resort to Stochastic Gradient Descent 30  , a fast and robust optimization method. The second term is introduced for regularization  , where λ controls the strength of regularization. First  , existing OWPC is developed for ranking problem with binary values  , i.e. , relevance or irrelevance  , while in this paper we extend the objective function to rank POIs with different visiting frequencies  , and provide the solutions for stochastic gradient descent optimization. Our proposed method differs from the existing approaches 20  , 21  in two aspects. We employ stochastic gradient descent to learn the parameters   , where the gradients are obtained via backprop- agation 12  , with fixed learning rate of 0.1. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. The remainder of this paper is concerned with a ranking formulation for binary hypothesis sets that allows top-1 prediction within the given hypthesis set as well as classification of that top-1 choice. In Section 6  , we show state of the art results on two practical problems  , a sample of movies viewed by a few million users on Xbox consoles  , and a binarized version of the Netflix competition data set. While we might be able to justify the assumption that documents arrive randomly   , the n-grams extracted from those documents clearly violate this requirement. However   , stochastic gradient descent requires that training examples are picked at random such that the batched update rule 4 behaves like the empirical expectation over the full training set 11. This makes the framework well suited for interactive settings as well as large datasets. Our framework is based upon examining the data in time slices to account for the decayed influence of an ad and we use stochastic gradient descent for optimization . where #d is the number of words in d  , || d|| is the norm of vector d and γ is a hyper-parameter that control the strength of regularization. As an output  , our model produces not only test.predictions  , but  , also  , train.predictions  , which maybe used for smoothing similar to 4. Autonomous Motion Department at the Max-Planck- Institute for Intelligent Systems  , Tübingen  , Germany Email: first.lastname@tue.mpg.de for some subsets of data points separating postives from negatives may be easy to achieve  , it generally can be very hard to achieve this separation for all data points. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. Our approach constructs an item group based pairwise preference for the specific ranking relations of items and combine it with item based pairwise preference to formalise a novel framework PRIGPPersonalized Ranking with Item Group based Pairwise preference learning . Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. The experimental results on three real-world datasets show our proposed method performs a better top-K recommendation than baseline methods. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. a variable for the solving method. are free of aT  , a u k k f z means of %'-configuration vectors. it contains only diagonal elements. For the constant elasticity case this means that K J = diag{K J ,i }  , i.e. Steady trending means a good performance on model robustness. a set K=100  , and b set K=200. A smaller k value means that the expanded query terms are less important. Finally we decide to apply k=1 and k=0.75 respectively. We now examine the bid variation in accounts. The means bj of the ad groups in a campaign k are themselves drawn from a normal distribution with mean b k   , and the campaign means are normal with mean b h : ∩ f k − → r  , which describe the training data by means of feature-relevance associations. That means a cloned h-fragment of a k-fragment must have its size h in the range This implies kσ ≤ h ≤ k/σ. Figure 1 depicts the investigated scenario. where c i c k means that c i is related to c k through a subsumption relationship. The extra cost incurred by this extension involves storing additional information. This means that there exists a 0 k such that u k is not contained in A;. As we increase σ k   , the performance in both Figure first increases and thereafter declines slightly. The larger σ k means the model has more tively. Thus the complexity of computing one context-aware rating is exponential in the number of modes and polynomial in the number of factors. k := k l   , this means a computational complexity of Ok m . Figure 5shows the experimental results. We also use the Suc@k which means that percentage of queries for which at least one relevance result is ranked up to position k including k. K w : This database models the plan-time effects of sensing actions with binary outcomes. K f can include any ground literal   , where ∈ K f means " the planner knows . " K- Means will tend to group sequences with similar sets of events into the same cluster. , as a distance metric. By changing the parameter k  , we can realize the variable viscosity elements. The above equation directly means the viscosity. This means that blog posts are modeled using a single QLM. We set the baseline using K = 1. This means that for k quality attributes  , Note that values 2  , 4  , 6  , and 8 represent compromises between these preferences. Intuitively this means that some classification information is lost after C  , is eliminated. tl  , t k are still distingusable. Standalone localization means that each robot estimates its position using its exteroceptive sensors data collected from the fixed beacons located in the evolution area. x 1 ,k  ,y 1 ,k  and x 2 ,k  ,y 2 ,k  are the positions of robots 1 and 2 at each instant k and i b 1 . between the power of a matrix and its spectral information e.g. Then we can obtain W k x = λ k x  , which means W k has the same eigenvector as W and the k-th power of the same eigenvalue λ k . Schematically  , preservation means that the state of ω stays within the same ≡ I -equivalence class. Formally  , preserving ω with respect to an interpretation I means that for each t  , 0 ≤ t ≤ k  , we have Is t  = Is 0 . O having overlapping sources of inconsistencies means that K ∩ K = ∅. – Overlapping: there are more than one set of axioms that are needed to produce an inconsistency in an ontology and they are interweaved with one another. When two sets of inconsistent axioms are overlapping  , it indicates that certain axioms contribute more to the inconsistencies and these axioms are possibly more problematic than others. Virtual targets are predicted using input-output maps implemented efficiently by means of a k-d tree short for k-dimensional tree a  , 91. Especially  , we focus on self improvement in the task performance. This implies that M F k is also aperiodic and together with irreducibility this means that M F k is ergodic. Moreover  , there are non-zero selfloop probabilities for every state. This can be seen based on the following two observations: The rationale behind these operations is that the K-γoverlap graph of P can be transformed into the K-γ-overlap graph of p by means of these operations. As mentioned earlier  , X k ,j denotes the corresponding user feature vector. Thus  , y kj = 1 implies user k converted on campaign j while y kj = 0 means she did not. Put simply  , the private data set is modified so that each record is indistinguishable from at least k − 1 other records. K-anonymity 24  , 25  , 26  , 29  , 30  has been proposed as a means to preserving privacy in data releases. This means that our current implementation only approximates the top-k items. Also note the current top-k bag-of-words approach shown in GREEDY-TAAT is based entirely on the frequency counts of each item. This means that we would do EA_LB_Keogh 2k-1 times  , without early abandoning. Imagine that we might have chosen W with size of K = 1  , and the query Q is within r of all k candidates. Variable reduction is illustrated in example 3. A value k of variable b i means there are k transactions from equivalence class i in the tidset  , hence it is constrained to be at most the number of variables it substitutes. are non-negative  , it means there is a solution for candidate migration. Here S K i is denotes the amount o f k-itemsets for node i to send out. This means that there are less than k objects in our constrained region. We should also note what happens when there are less than k optimal answers in the data set. The repetitive controller then try to cancel this non-periodic disturbance after one period in order to bring E r k to zero. This means that the signal E r k still contains the effect of the non-periodic disturbance. This means that the user has seen at least 3 different values for the same d − k combination key and potential tracker respectively. In the current configuration  , k l is 3 and t l is 7 days. Clustered multi-index. This means that we only need to check clusters whose keys have a Hamming distance in the range HQ  , P −k  , HQ  , P +k namely  , clusters Cj with We can observe that the prediction accuracy increases first when k increases and then becomes stable or even slightly decreases when k > 30 for all three groups of experiments. Here legend Src+Target means using both source graph edges and labeled target graph edges without instance weighting  , and IW means our instance weighting method. Mandelbrot noticed extreme variability of second empirical moments of financial data  , which could be interpreted as nonexistence of the theoretical second moments  , i.e. Initially attention was focused on the Lindeberg condition which in more broad sense means that 1 is not dominated by any finite number increments ΔS k and in particular  , when increments are identically distributed  , it means V ΔS k  < ∞. This means that This means that the descendants of v h share at least a node with the descendants of v k but they do not belong to the same subtree. Such collections of values give anonymity to secret associations. Roughly speaking  , k-anonymity means that one can only be certain that a value is associated with one of at least k values. In the final  , a single point pi of the calligraphic character can be represented as a 32 dimensional vector. wik means the number of points that located in the k-th bin. At execution time  , the planner will have definite information about f 's value. K v can contain any unnested function term f   , where f ∈ K v means that at plan time the planner " knows the value of f . " Compared with the baseline  , the performances for all K > 1 were significantly improved  , and the best performance was obtained when using K = 500. This fact means that these two categories are strongly connected to haptic information  , and granularities of these categories are different. K = 2 for a and K = 10 for b  , are used. by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. : the featurê y j must first be transformed into the coordinate frame of the i th keyframe of camera k  , i.e. That means as long as the cut-point k 1 is within the tolerance range we consider the term as similar  , outside the tolerance range it is dissimilar. 10% of k 1 . In this section we discuss the notion of k-anonymity in an intuitive manner and provide some reasons why it is nontrivial to check releasing views for k-anonymity violation. It means that outside users can never make sure which one of k property values an entity e is certainly associated with  , except when they are be able to exclude k − 1 values from them using some external knowledge . By definition  , if a view set does not violate k-anonymity  , any of its association covers must have at least k associations in it. This means we can only include targets for which our methods find at least K source candidates which naturally shrinks the set of test targets. , K. We first calculate the K precision values for each target separately and then compute the aggregate value for each k by averaging over all targets. The above EM procedure is ensured to converge  , which means that the log-likelihood of all observed ratings given the current model estimate is always nondecreasing. where U k   , S k   , and V k are matrices composed of the top k left singular vectors  , singular values  , and right singular vectors  , respectively. The value of Qo is similarly an increasing function of K which in this case means that as K increases the range of batch sizes over which the GS policy is more desirable increases. The value of p o is an increasing function of K so that the range of utilizations over which the GS policy is more desirable increases as K decreases. This result corresponds to the feature as mentioned in Section 4.1. This means that this k e d point is saddle-type and unstable. The vector of parameters to be optimised is given byˆP by the means ofˆcofˆ ofˆc i and T k   , before being projected into the corresponding image. This section is divided into four subsections. This just means that the mask update rate would be slower than the object localization update r a k . That means watermarking object should have the largest number of 16xl6 macro blocks. We select the most important blocks set with the maximum k as watermarking objects. which means that after k control steps the signal reaches the confidence zone. The controlled system's transfer function under perturbation becomes: When k increases  , the optimal b becomes negative . This means that diversifying top-10 search results reduces the risk of not returning any relevant documents. This means that RCDR successfully preserved information useful for estimating target orders. The difference was particularly clear when the number of dimensions K was small. The second parameter to be tested is the opinion similarity function. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. Consequently   , the DMP method cannot react to dynamic changes of the mix of transactions that constitute the current load. In all commercial systems  , the DMP is set " statically "   , that is  , when the system is started up and configured according to the administrator's specification. However  , this extended method makes the problem of finding the optimal combination of DMP values even trickier and ultimately unmanageable for most human administrators. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. As the decreasing average persistence sphere size in Figure 7eshows  , this nice effect increases with the DMP. When DC thrashing occurs  , more and more transactions become blocked so that the response time of transactions increases beyond acceptable values and essentially approaches infinity. For each query  , traditional query expansion often selects expansion term by co-occurrence statistics. During opinion retrieval task  , we are concerned with semi-automatic query expansion. Section 4 describes query expansion with ontologies. Section 3 describes our keyphrase-based query expansion methods. In Table 2  , Query Expansion indicates whether query expansion is used. Table 2shows the results. To extract features related to query expansion  , we first name the origin query offered by TREC'14 OriginQuery. In this section  , we introduce several semantic expansion features on basis of query expansion and document expansion. Hashtag query expansion with association measure HFB2a. Hashtag-based query expansion HFB1 and HFB2 4. Three methods of query expansion were investigated: plurals and singular expansion; stemming; and synonym expansion. Our final set of experiments investigated query expansion  , that is  , augmenting topics with additional query terms. For the query expansion component  , we adopt twostage PRF query expansion with HS selection strategy. Finally  , we measured the performance of the proposed system that integrates the query expansion component  , document expansion component and temporal re-ranking component . They found that posttranslation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on the translated queries  , and the combination-translation query expansion  , i.e. , query expansion on both the original and the translated queries  , are effective in improving CLIR performance. Ballesteros & Croft 3 proposed pre-translation  , post-translation and a combination of post and pre-translation query expansion techniques based on term co-occurrence. The query expansion module employs a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. result merging  , reranking  , and query expansion modules. This shows the limitation of the current expansion methods. Both query expansion and document expansion of tiebreaking has the potential to improve the performance  , while document expansion seems more reliable than query expansion for tie-breaking. Additionally  , in Table 4  , we see no marked difference between using query noise reduction with query expansion on the body of the documents only  , and using query noise reduction with query expansion on more document fields. Retraining the query expansion mechanism on the reduced queries could provide fairer grounds for comparing the effect of query noise reduction with query expansion. Query expansion  , such as synonym expansion  , had shown promising results in medical literature search. In our TREC participation  , we used an ensemble approach in query expansion. The expansion terms are extracted from top 100 relevant documents according to the query logs. For the log-based query expansion  , we use 40 expansion terms. We investigate the following query expansion strategies: related terms only  , subsumption only  , full expansion. We refer different combinations of such relations as the query expansion strategy. & %  '   , document expansion is beneficial for both short and terse queries  , but this advantage disappears as the level of query expansion increases. For moderate query expansion e.g.  Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? For example  , based on the CNF query in Section 2.2  , the diagnosis method is given the keyword query sales tobacco children. these expansion terms for each selected query term  , the diagnostic expansion system forms an expansion query and does retrieval. Finally  , we propose a novel selective query expansion mechanism which helps in deciding whether to apply query expansion for a given query. Moreover  , we develop a refined query expansion mechanism that uses the fields. Query expansion. We adopt three query expansion methods. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query  , in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Although the effect from adding more expansion terms to a query term diminishes  , for the query terms that do need expansion  , the effects of the expansion terms are typically additive  , the more the expansion the better the performance. The unstructured bag of word expansion typically needs balanced expansion of most query terms to achieve a reliable performance. Query Expansion. This task is accomplished by mean of three submodules: Query Expansion  , Inverted Index and Ranking Model. In this paper  , we are concerned with automatic query expansion. Query expansion can be performed either manually or automatically. Automatic query expansion approaches AQE have been the focus of research efforts for many years. The query expansion method which uses implicit expansion concept is referred to as IEC. In all the comparisons  , our query expansion method which uses explicit expansion concept is denoted as EEC. The composite effects of query expansion and query length suggest that WebX should be applied to short queries  , which contain less noise that can be exaggerated by Web expansion  , and non-WebX should be applied to longer queries  , which contain more information that query expansion methods can leverage. With query expansion  , however  , query length has opposite effect on WebX and non-WebX methods. term overlap between query and tweet is relatively small  , different semantic expansion techniques can be leveraged to improve the retrieval performance. 2 Performance improvement over the no expansion baseline is significant even when only including one expansion term for one query term. 1 Including more expansion terms always improves performance  , even when only one original query term is selected for expansion. They made use of only individual terms for query expansion whereas we utilize keyphrases for query expansion. 15  incorporated term cooccurrences to estimate word correlation for refining the set of documents used in query expansion. For query expansion  , we made use of the external documents linked by the URLs in the initial search results for query expansion. Overall  , we designed our pipeline to combine query expansion and result re-ranking. Parameterized query expansion generalizes and unifies several of the current state-of-the-art concept weighting and query expansion approaches. In this paper  , we introduced a novel framework for query expansion with parameterized concept weighting. Our automatic query expansion included such techniques as noun phrase extraction  , acronym expansion  , synonym identification  , definition term extraction  , keyword extraction by overlapping sliding window  , and Web query expansion. Thus  , our first-tier solution was to devise a wide range of query expansion methods that can not only enrich the query with useful term additions but also identify important query terms. Two types of expansions are obtained: concept expansion and term expansion. Query expansion is another technique in the retrieval component. The query expansion methodology follows that query expansion is applied or not respectively. The run InexpC2QE applies In expC2 and a query expansion methodology for all the queries. For query expansion  , besides the commonly used PRF  , we also made use of the search result from Google for query expansion. We also applied and evaluated advanced search options. The search engine can be activated in different modes applying three different search types  , namely  , Automatic Query Expansion auto  , Interactive Query Expansion semi  , and a regular search without query expansion none. Our third baseline is obtained by performing federated retrieval without query expansion BSNE. The first oracle baseline BONE is without query expansion and the second oracle baseline BOQE is with query expansion. Without query expansion  , the difference between short and long queries is 0.0669. First  , query expansion seems to neutralize the effect of query length. Therefore  , by performing query expansion using the MRF model  , we are able to study the dynamics between term dependence and query expansion. Previous query expansion techniques are based on bag of words models. As expected  , query expansion is more useful for short queries  , and less useful for long queries. Query expansion improves performance for all query lengths. Without query expansion  , longer queries usually outperform the shorter queries Figure 7. The effect of query expansion is influenced by the query length. Furthermore  , the investigator himself may intervene and edit the query directly. This component may also incorporate other query expansion strategies  , such as knowledge-based query expansion . Parameterized query expansion provides a flexible framework for modeling the importance of both explicit and latent query concepts. First  , we describe a novel parameterized query expansion model. We first classify each query into different categories. In our experiments with R = 100  , on average WIKI. LINK only considered approximately 200 phrases for query expansion per query  , whereas using the top 10 documents from Wikipedia in PRF. WIKI considered approximately 9000 terms. Because WIKI. LINK focuses only anchor phrases  , this query expansion technique considers many fewer  , but potentially higher quality  , expansion terms and phrases than other query expansion methods. al 29 considered acronym expansion. al 10 explored query expansion  , while Zhang et. External sources for expansion terms  , i.e. Query expansion still offers potential for improvements. The increase in performance without query expansion is substantial  , however  , the difference remains small after query expansion. For the runs  , mon0  , mon3  , mon4  , and BKYMON  , 20 words were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion; and for the runs  , mon1 and mon2  , 40 trigrams were selected from the top-ranked 10 documents for query expansion. Ruthven 25 used a range of query expansion terms from 1 to 15  , and found that providing the system with more query expansion terms did not necessarily improve retrieval performance. In a study of simulated interactive query expansion  , Ruthven 25 demonstrated that users are less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. In addition to the official numbers obtained with query expansion using both BRF and PBRF  , the results for the 3 other configurations no query expansion  , query expansion with BRF and query expansion with PBRF are also provided. Table 3summarizes the results of the LIMSI IR system for the R1  , S1  , and cross-recognizer conditions . In monolingual IR  , Sparck Jones 21 proposed a query expansion technique which adds terms obtained from term clusters built based on co-occurrences of terms in the document collection. External expansion on a cleaner e.g. Therefore query expansion can help to increase performance. In the two short query results  , nttd8me is query expanded and nttd8m has no query expansion. In the three long query results  , nttd8le is query expanded  , nttd8l has no query expansion and nttd8lx is a hybrid of nttd8l and nttd8le. In contrast to the Global method  , our first expansion strategy performs server-specific query expansion. Local. This technique may be of independent interest for other applications of query expansion. To produce rich query representation we introduce a new query expansion technique  , based on traversal of the query recommendation tree rooted at the query. Query noise reduction reduces query length from 47.22% to 63.69%  , tion  , marked †. In addition  , other dictionaries were built to perform query expansion. By via of UMLS Metathesaurus  , the diseases' synonyms were found and used for query expansion. The query types and expansion term categories are as follow. In our experiments  , the expansion terms are selected according to the query types. 3  , uses query-expansion the favor recent tweets. The recency-based query-expansion approach Section 3.2  , which is a slight modification of the approach from Massoudi et al. These previous studies suggested that query expansion based on term co-occurrences is unlikely to significantly improve performance 18. 24  studied query expansion based on classical probabilistic model. Excessive document expansion impairs performance as well. According to Figure 3g  , without any query expansion but simply compared with query Q  , the performance is far from optimistic. Query expansion is one method to solve the above prob- lem 4  , 5 . Typically  , previous research has found that interactive query expansion i.e. , asking humans to pick expansion terms does not improve average performance. Although improving upon the average performance of automated query expansion may be difficult  , we hypothesized that using human intelligence to detect incongruous individual or collective choices of expansion terms  , thus helping to avoid the worst expansion failures  , would improve the robustness of query expansion. Besides thesaurus based QE described in section 1 and 2  , we proposed a new statistical expansion approach called local co-occurrence based query expansion  , shown in section 3. Therefore proper query expansion QE technology is necessary and helpful. We show how simulations may help in the section below. For topic 78  , query expansion also reduces the variation due to restatement but the two expansion systems do this differently. For topic 100  , query expansion reduces the variation due to restatement of the topic as one would hope. Our results show that query expansion on Title and Description fields with appropriate weighting can yield better performance. Different query expansion methods have been evaluated for topic retrieval. In their approach  , only terms present in the summarized documents are considered for query expansion. Lam-Adesina and Jones 12 applied document summarization to query expansion. Table 6shows the results for five query expansion iterations. We also explored the effect of a sequence of query expansion iterations. Section 3 provides the details of our relation based query expansion technique. In the next Section  , we review related work on various query expansion techniques. Since majority of the queries were short  , a query expansion module had to be designed. Another area we concentrated on was query expansion . Furthermore  , terms are added even if a query expansion does not give good expansion terms. This approach introduces more noise  , but guarantees that every query will be expanded. Assuming 2 seconds per query  , on average  , this translates into approximately 200 KB per hour for the LCA expansion. The LCA expansion requires one query per sentence. The collection dependent expansion strategy adds a fixed number of terms to each query within a test collection. Query dependent expansion. Second  , English query expansion adds more than Chinese; apparently the benefit of a far larger corpus outweighs translation ambiguity. After query expansion  , it is reduced to 0.017. The temporal query-expansion approach also outperformed the recencybased query-expansion approach UNCRQE. This provides modest evidence that exploiting temporal information can improve performance. We used word co-occurrence measure of Z-score to select the query expansion terms. The documents which contained sentences chosen by users were used for query expansion. More specifically  , we are concerned with query expansion in service to hashtag retrieval. This poster explicitly treats only the last item: query expansion. However  , ontologies enable also other relations to be used in query expansion. Query expansion on document surrogates has a better retrieval performance in terms of Top10 AP than query expansion on the raw documents. The three methods were synonym expansion  , relation expansion  , and predication expansion. Query expansion: In this study we experimented with three expansion methods plus an ensemble method that incorporated the results of the other three. Comparing the query expansion and document expansion for the tie-breaking  , the query expansion is even worse. However  , the results of the proposed methods on this year's track are not as good as they are on the training sets. Our recency-based query-expansion approach is a slight modification of the query-expansion method described in Massoudi et al. Candidate expansion term w is scored according to scorew , LCE is a robust query expansion model that provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies in query expansion. Another retrieval model we explored this year is the latent concept expansion model LCE 18. We then use term proximity information to calculate reliable importance weights for the expansion concepts. We extract expansion concepts specific to each query from this lexicon for query expansion. The first concerns which index files to use for the expansion  , and the second how to weight the query terms after the expansion stage. The implementation of query expansion used for TREC-9 differs from this in two main ways. A more recent study by Navigli and Velardi examined the use of expansion terms derived from WordNet 10  , coming to the conclusion that the use of gloss words for query expansion achieved top scores for the precision@10 measure  , outmatching query expansion by synsets and hyperonyms  , for example. This finding was further reinforced in her follow-up study focusing on the differences between automatic query expansion and interactive query expansion 7. We incorporate a user-driven query expansion function. Using user-driven query expansion  , we help users search images in a focused and efficient manner. We incorporated all of our twitter modules with other necessary modules  , i.e. Query Expansion  Link Crawling: run the query expansion module followed by the link crawling module. We examined query expansion by traditional successful techniques  , i.e. Initially  , Team Three approached their module design with query expansion in mind. First  , LCE provides a mechanism for combining term dependence with query expansion. We also experimented with proper nouns in query expansion. Query Expansion and MEDLINE. Srinivasan P 1996. We think the reasons of the poor performance could be as follow. Most previous query expansion approaches focus on text  , mainly using unigram concepts. Query expansion is a commonly used technique to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 8shows the part of the configuration for Topic 78 produced by the systems with query expansion. Topic 78 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. Our system with query expansion using Wikipedia performs better than the one only with description. In Task B  , we have evaluated our system in query expansion stage. Section 5 evaluates five different stemming schemes and two query expansion methods. Section 4 presents our domain-specific and general query expansion approaches.  query broadening: are measures of a term's discriminative power of use when broadening the search query ? is synonymy expansion or morphological variant expansion helpful ? Our work follows this strategy of a query expansion approach using an external collection as a resource of query expansion terms. Word- net 7  , Wikipedia 29 etc. Expansion terms from fully expanded queries are held back from the query to simulate the selective and partial expansion of query terms. Thus  , selective expansion may actually do better than the reported performance from the simulations. For our Web-search-based query expansion  , the timestamp provided with the topics was utilized to simulate the live query expansion from the web described in Section 4. The optimal weight for the expansion queries α was 0.2. The recency-based query-expansion approach described in Section 3.2 scores candidate expansion terms based on their degree of co-occurrence with the original query-terms in recent tweets. Given a temporal binning of top-n results  , the temporal query-expansion approach scores candidate expansion terms according to , The results from including query and document expansion within the SU system on TREC-8 queries are summarised in Table 8and graphically illustrated in Figures 3 and 4. When there is no query expansion  , document expansion increases mean average precision by 25% and 15% relative for short and terse queries respectively. Some groups found that query expansion worked well on this collection  , so we applied the " row expansion " technique described in last year's paper 10. Query expansion techniques such as row expansion may help recall-oriented measures by contributing terms from the top documents which are not automatically generated from the initial query. In order to make the test simpler  , the following simplifications are made: 1 An expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight -the weight w is set at 0.01 or -0.01. The above expression is a simplified form of query expansion with a single term. In concept expansion  , query concepts are recognized  , disambiguated  , if necessary and their synonyms are added. On the other hand  , some of the 2011 papers reported worse results from expansion. Query expansion is another technique in this information retrieval component. As shown in Figure  4  , we could see that first three query expansions which made use of external resources did not increase the performance of system  , compared with original query without any query expansion. In section 2.4  , we describe our four query expansion approaches and the results of different query expansion comparison are present in Figure  4. Query expansion  , in gereral  , does make a positive contribution to the retrieval performance. For query expansion  , we add a narritive term list to query term list and use the average weight of query terms as a threshold. Therefore query expansion may retrieve more documents or provide more evidence upon which to rank the documents than query replacement. Second  , query expansion will usually produce longer queries than query replacement. Table 3depicts the results obtained by the LGD model with and without query removal across three query expansion models on the TRECMed 2011. Utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Be different from the general query expansion  , here the recapitulative concepts were more focused on. Query expansion aims to add a certain number of query-relevant terms to the original query in order to improve retrieval effectiveness. Figure 4shows that for Topic 100  , query expansion is effective in the sense that it reduces the variation in system response due to query-to-query variation. Topic 100 Points for Systems with Query Expansion. For example  , the query expansion technology in the PubMed system will automatically add related MeSH terms to user's query. The thesaurus-based query expansion applies a thesaurus to map controlled vocabularies to user query terms. Our systems have several parameters. We performed the third run in order to compare our query expansion to manual query expansion because including terms in the description as query terms can simulate an effect of manual query expan- sion. Documents are then retrieved based on the expanded query model. The first approach is called as entity-centric query expansion  , in which we integrate the related entities into the original query model to perform query expansion. However  , in this paper we limit the expansion to individual terms. Latent concept expansion can be adopted to include any arbitrary concept type for query expansion. When the manual CNF query doesn't expand the selected query term  , no expansion term will be included in the final query. For example  , results reported in column 2 row 2 selects 1 original query term of the highest idf for expansion  , and a maximum of 1 expansion term is included for the selected query term. Query expansion involves adding new words and phrases to the existing search terms to generate an expanded query. To overcome the above problems  , researchers have focused on using query expansion techniques to help users formulate a better query. Using these sets of expansion terms  , Magennis and Van Rijsbergen simulated a user selecting expansion terms over four iterations of query expansion. However  , as query expansion aims to retrieve this set of documents  , they form the best evidence on the utility of expansion terms. None of the previous work described in the next section systematically investigates the relationship between term reweightirtg and query expansion  , and most results for query expansion using the probabilistic model have been inconclusive. Whereas the vector space model used in the SMART system has an inherent relationship between term reweighing and query expansion  , the probabilistic model has no built-in provision for query expan- si~ although query expansion is known to be important. 4.4  , we tuned the number of concepts k for query expansion using training data. Number of expansion concepts In Sec. However  , this expansion produces a single semantic vector only. Expansion of query vectors is used for instance in 17 ,24. Wikipedia Topic-Entity Expansion Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. Our second submission only uses Wikipedia for query expansion . Expansion terms are integrated in our baseline system. In the automatic query expansion mode  , the expansion terms are added directly to each of the original query terms with the Boolean OR operator  , before the query is sent to the Lucene index. Its configuration determines which ontology relationships are used for the generation of query expansion terms. If we only consider this query subset  , mean average precision for the InL2 model is 0.2906 without query expansion  , and with our domainspecific query expansion a MAP of 0.2211  , a relative decrease of -23.9%. For the domain-specific query expansion  , only 36 queries were expanded. For a certain OriginQuery  , we use two strategies to extend it: 1 twitter corpus based query expansion and 2 web-based query expansion. This shows that query expansion is crucial for short queries as it is hard to extract word dependency information from the original query for RBS. Interestingly  , for short queries we find that relation matching without query expansion RBS performs worse than a density based passage ranking with dependency based query expansion DBS+DRQET. In other words  , if we had access to an oracle that always provided us the best sub-query and best expansion set for a query  , we can obtain the indicated upper bound on performance. " Upper Bound " refers to the situation when the best sub-query and best expansion set was used for query reduction and expansion respectively. This approach integrates IQE directly into query formulation  , giving help at a stage in the search when it can positively affect query quality  , and possibly supporting the development of improved expansion strategies by searchers. Real-Time Query Expansion RTQE describes an interface mechanism whereby candidate expansion terms are presented to the searcher as they enter their search query. In both ICTWDSERUN3 and ICTWDSERUN4  , we use google search results as query expansion. In Real-time Adhoc task  , 60 queries are tested and four runs are submitted with different query expansions and different learning-to-rank methods. Tfidf query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN1  , and concurrency frequency query expansion is used in ICTWDSERUN2. For INQUERY sub-runs  , Arabic query expansion was just like English query expansion  , except the top 10 documents were retrieved from the Arabic corpus  , rather than the English corpus  , and 50 terms  , not 5  , were added to the query. Arabic query expansion was handled in different ways for INQUERY sub-runs and LM sub-runs. This could be due to the fact that we have trained our query expansion mechanism on long queries before noise reduction  , but not on long queries after noise reduction. With query expansion on the body of documents only  , query noise reduction results in slightly worse retrieval performance  , compared to using query expansion without noise removal second part of Table 4  , first row. Table 2also presents the results of query structure experiments. The results of the expansion experiments are presented in Table 1manual selection of expansion keys and Table 2automatic selection of expansion keys  , and organism names as expansion keys. Instead  , our query expansion method includes all expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , the expansion terms are not limited to the set of explicit expansion concepts XE which were defined previously. We call this strategy " topic-oriented query expansion " . In the cluster to which the query term concepts of our concern belong  , other terms can be selected as candidates of the query expansion. The resulting query aspects are kept as phrases for subsequent query expansion  , since phrases are reported to improve retrieval results when compared to single-word index- ing 14  , 15. In the following sections we elaborate on our query expansion strategies. We weight query terms at a ratio of 25:1 relative to the expansion terms. We then build a new query  , comprising the terms from the original query  , plus the expansion terms for the selected question type. We were surprised to learn that both query expansion approaches resulted in lower MAP values. As explained in Section 4.1  , the domainspecific query expansion will add  , in mean  , 10 new terms to each query. The parameterized query expansion method proposed in this paper addresses these limitations. In addition  , these supervised techniques take into account only the explicit query concepts and disregard the latent concepts that can be associated with the query via expansion. Thus  , our query expansion was topic-independent. Note that we did not use documents retrieved by a query to be expanded  , as we wanted to develop a query expansion method applicable for any queries. Synonym expansion combines existing information in the query and several external databases to derive lists of words which are similar to the query term. A second feature which we call synonym expansion was applied only to query terms. Moreover  , the " storm-related " - " weather-related " dichotomy also exists for these systems. We see that although the query expansion systems move points associated with some queries  , neither expansion system offers much reduction in the query-to-query scatter. Query expansion can be used to describe the user's information need more precisely e.g. The query expansion techniques 16  endeavour to automatically provide additional information to the query that will help to obtain better search results. Figure 11shows all 120 points in the topic 59 configuration. The purpose of this run was to evaluate the impact of query expansion and query removal on the IR performance. In addition  , we employed the Bo1 model 2 for query expansion. Query expansion methods augment the query with terms that are extracted from interests/context of the user so that more personally relevant results can be retrieved. Two popular techniques are query expansion and results re-ranking. Our expansion procedure worked by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. If it fails to answer the query it returns the first result returned by Google for that query. Among non-WebX query expansion methods  , Proper Noun Phrases  , Overlapping Sliding Window OSW  , and CF Terms helped retrieval performance for longer queries. After query expansion  , we used Natural Language Toolkit NLTK 3 to remove stop words and to perform stemming. It is obviously that this query expansion operation dramatically enriches the content of query. Definition of IPC classes consists of the explanations regarding each IPC class which can be used to identify the important concepts and subtopics of the query. Such words are more specific and more useful than the words in the original query for collection selection. Query expansion dramatically improves the performance of this query by 124X  , due to the expansion words " pension "   , " retiree "   , " budget "   , " tax "   , etc. Further implicit query expansion is achieved by inference rules  , and exploiting class hierarchies. This can be seen as a form of query expansion  , where the set of instances represent a new set of query terms  , leading to higher recall values.  prisbm: Run with query expansion based on Google query expanding and manually term-weighting. Indri. Moreover  , Query Expansion technology is also employed in this run. method to construct object query. 7  , to the query aspects. It will be of interest to compare between the quality of our suggested technique and the quality of standard query expansion techniques. d We introduce a novel method for query expansion based on the query recommendation tree. We used external medical literature corpus MEDLINE®  as a tagged knowledge source to acquire useful query expansion terms. #weight  1-w #combine original query terms w #combine expansion query terms  The result of the synonym expansion would be added to the former result of query expansion by other means. We select all of the synonyms of each word in the query for each query depending on the part of speech. Synonym expansion can increase the number of words in each query greatly  , depending on the query and the number of synonyms found. Since synonym expansion relied on multiple sources  , duplicates in the enlarged query were removed. The proposed query expansion method based on a PRF model builds on language modeling frameworks a query likelihood model for IR. Then  , we describe the proposed concept-based temporal relevance model for query expansion. The expansion words do not change the underlying information need  , but make the expanded query more suitable for collection selection. We hope that query expansion will add words which are more specific than the words in the original query. The expansion words for this query are " greenhouse "   , " deforestation " and so forth. Other cases where query expansion helps include the query " depletion or destruction of the rain forest affected the worlds weather " . Automatic approaches to query expansion have been studied extensively in information retrieval IR. Query expansion adds terms and possibly reweighs original query terms  , so as to more effectively express the original information need.  Which ontological query expansion terms are most suitable for which type of query terms concept  , project  , person  , organization queries ? Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Besides  , the different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Basically  , we assume that disease terms are helpful for query expansion for all kind of query types. Finally  , we aim to show the utility of combining query removal and query expansion for IR. Then  , we aim to show the effectiveness of three query expansion models Bo1  , Bo2 and KL on the TRECMed 2011 collection. However  , as the number of query terms increases  , the rates of improvement brought about by query expansion become significantly less. Figure 2shows that query expansion can bring more than 30% of improvement for queries with less than three terms. This is done so that all the topically-relevant documents are retrieved. Query Expansion: Before a query is passed to Lucene  , we first use the probabilistic query expansion model 10 to expand it by adding relevant terms. Very few terms were added through the interactive query expansion facility. The searchers tended to use more query terms on the experimental interface than the control system and more terms were added through query expansion. That variations can be generated after the search  , as a suggestion of related queries  , or before the search to offer higher quality coverage results. – Query expansion: The query expansion consists in the generation of variations of the user's query. It is therefore not useful to make an expansion for this query. query. 3 describes query expansion with parameterized concept weights. Then  , Sec. While there has been significant amount of work on automated query expansion and query replacement  , we anticipate these enhancements to be integrated into the search engine. In RuralCafe  , we explicitly avoid the problem of automated query expansion. The online dictionary Wikipedia 2 was utilized to accomplish the expansion. Our expansion procedure works by first submitting the topic title to answer.com  , and then using the result page for query expansion. Query expansion is a wellknown method in IR for improving retrieval performance. To further mitigate the negative effect of mistranslated query terms  , many researchers have employed query expansion techniques. Third  , we may also suggest a third cause for the success of the query expansion methods: the relevance assessments themselves. Our experiment showed that short queries tend to benefit more from query expansion. In this paper  , we also studied the relationship between query lengths and improvements by query expansion. Prioritization For All Queries means that documents containing phrases enclosed in phrase or mandatory operators in the original query or expanded queries are prioritized. An English query is first used to retrieve a set of documents from this collection. We experimented with pre-translation query expansion using the Foreign Broadcasting collections of TREC and used various levels of query expansion. According to our experience in TREC 2009  , TREC 2010 and TREC 2011  , query expansion is effective to improve the result. In diversity task  , we can consider each query expansion as an aspect or sub-topic of the origin query. Long queries use title  , description and narrative. Figure 4. Search Engine with interactive query expansion semi. Incorrect words aaect collection statistics and query expansion. Word pruning. The results are arranged along two dimensions of user effort  , the number of query terms selected for expansion  , and the maximum number of expansion terms to include for a selected query term. Our conservative query expansion hurt us in this environment. Title-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruTitQE . Recommending useful entities e.g. as query expansion mechanisms. Figure 8. Search Engine with automatic query expansion auto. Description-only with Query Expansion run Run name: JuruDesQE . We exploit the top-scored entities e.g. Our experiments focused on query expansion techniques using INQUERY. Taking a more detailed look at the effect of certain thesaurus relationships on the effectiveness of query expansion  , Greenberg determined that synonyms and narrower terms are well suited for automatic query expansion  , because they " increased relative recall with a decline in precision that was not statistically significant " 6 . One argument in favour of AQE is that the system has access to more statistical information on the relative utility of expansion terms and can make better a better selection of which terms to add to the user's query. All or some of these expansion terms can be added to the query either by the user – interactive query expansion IQE – or by the retrieval system – automatic query expansion AQE. Automatic query expansion is more desirable in a deployed system  , but the uncertain quality of the expansion terms can confuse the evaluation. Since our focus is on diagnosis  , not query expansion  , one of the most important confounding factors is the quality of the expansion terms  , which we leave out of the evaluation by using a fixed set of high quality expansion terms from manual CNF queries to simulate an expert user doing manual expansion. The experiment results show that The basic tie-breaking framework is more effective than the traditional retrieval method in tweets retrieval. That was in contrary to the results we got using query expansion over 2011 and 2012 topics. We also noticed an interesting observation in query expansion for 2013 topics; results with a low number of expansion tweets were the best  , while increasing the number of expansion tweets resulted in a decrease in P@30 as represented in Figure 2. Tables 1 2 and 3 report the expansion retrieval performance of predicted-Pt | R based and idf based diagnostic expansion  , following the evaluation procedure detailed in Section 4.1. Term expansion is used to find expanded terms that are closely related to the original query terms  , while relation path expansion aims to extract additional relations between query and expanded terms. The two methods are based on the extension of the technique presented in 8 to perform term expansion and relation path expansion. However  , previous query expansion methods have been limited in extracting expansion terms from a subset of documents  , but have not exploited the accumulated information on user interactions. Four experimental configurations are reported: baseline search base  , query expansion using BRF brf  , query expansion with parallel BRF pbrf and query expansion using both BRF and PBRF brf+pbrf. Table 1 gives the results for both cw and mw term weightings for the SDR'99 data set. However  , these two dimensions of flexibility also make automatic formulation of CNF queries computationally challenging  , and makes manual creation of CNF queries tedious. Compared to LSA or bag of word expansion  , CNF queries offer control over what query terms to expand the query term dimension and what expansion terms to use for a query term the expansion dimension. Effective query expansion might depend on the topics of the queries as observed in Table 4. Query expansion for CSIs would be an easier approach to developing CSI-aware search engines  , since query expansion can be installed to on search engines without having to modify their document rankers. This indicates that the chosen features were able to accurately predict the AP for the expanded and unexpanded lists of each query. As follows from Table 7  , for all the three settings of our experiments  , selective query expansion achieved statistically significant improvement in terms of MAP over automatic query expansion using expansion on all queries. These results show that worthwhile improvements are possible from interactive query expansion in the restricted context represented by the Cranfield collection. It is assumed that experienced users of interactive query expansion would be able to reach this level of performance  , The 'experienced user' performance is compared with the performance of inexperienced interactive query expansion users in the same setting. The potential effectiveness  , compared with automatic query expansion  , is measured using a method similar to Harman's but with an improved simulation of good term selections. However  , in the case of RDF and SPARQL  , view expansion is not possible since expansion requires query nesting   , a feature not currently supported by SPARQL. In relational databases  , query rewriting over SQL views is straightforward as it only requires view expansion  , i.e. , the view mentioned in the user SQL query is replaced by its definition . For topic 59  , query expansion does not recognize one equivalence in the query statements  , the equivalence between " storm-related " and " weather-related. " CNF queries ensure precision by specifying a set of concepts that must appear AND  , and improve recall by expanding alternative forms of each concept. For example  , when doing retrieval from closed caption second row i n T able 10  , doing query expansion from print news yields an average precision of 0.5742  , whereas our conservative query expansion yields only 0.5390  , a noticeable drop. This is evident b y the consistently better results from doing query expansion from the print news vs. doing conservative collection enrichment. Moreover  , since we apply query expansion in all our submitted runs  , we also measure the above two correlation measures without query expansion  , in order to check how query expansion affects the effectiveness of our predictors. Furthermore  , in order to better evaluate our predictors  , besides of the Kendall's tau  , we measure the Spearman's correlation of the predictors with average precision. Accordingly   , in future work  , we intend to introduce additional types of concepts into the parameterized query expansion framework   , including multiple-term expansion concepts  , named entities  , and non-adjacent query term pairs. Overall  , our findings demonstrate that the parameterized query expansion is an effective and flexible framework that can seamlessly incorporate multiple concept types. This suggests that our version of query expansion is indeed useful in improving the retrieval effectiveness of the search. Our thesaurus-based query expansion performed very well as compared to using LINC without query expansion  , with an improvement of 44.51% and 31.10% performance improvement over the average precision-at-k  , for date and relevance sorting  , respectively. In general  , QE interacts with query structure: with a large expansion strong query structures seem necessary  , but with a slight or no expansion weak structures perform well. These were also significantly better than performance of any other query structure and expansion combination. It is obvious that high Recall levels can be reached with massive query expansion  , but automatic query expansion tends to deteriorate Precision as well  , so the challenge is to find stemming methods which improve Recall without a significant loss in Precision. The basic method by which different techniques were compared was query expansion. Namely  , our tweet based language model for query expansion still does quite a bit better than our baseline and still appears to give some improvement over the initial query expansion run. Our results would seem to indicate that the language model used for query expansion does matter. We distinguish between the two versions in that one applies further query expansion for only those queries in which people's names occur 4 and the other applies for further query expansion for all queries 5 . After retrieval with the baseline system of section 2.2  , we experiment with two versions of Wikipedia-based query expansion. In CF1 we highlighted the suggested query expansion terms shown in the context of snippets  , and put a checkbox next to each snippet. The hypothesis we investigate by comparing these two clarification forms is whether short contextual environments in the form of snippets around the suggested query expansion terms help users in selecting query expansion terms. In twitter corpus based query expansion  , we first use TREC-API to get the top ranked tweet set. Automatic query expansion AQE occurs when the system selects appropriate terms for use in query expansion and automatically adds these terms to users' queries. Query expansion techniques can assist users with increasing the length of their queries through automatic and interactive techniques. The worst case is the query with Boolean structure with the narrower concepts expansion BOOL/En. It is based on average precision at 10 recall points and shows the worst query structure and expansion combination  , and the best expansion of each query structure type. The improvement over the no expansion baseline becomes significant after expanding two query terms for the idf method  , and after only expanding one query term for predicted Pt | R. Similarly  , including more expansion terms along each column almost always improves retrieval  , except for the idf method in Table 1with only one query term selected for expansion. Our experimental evaluation is divided into three main parts: 1 extracting entity-synonym relationships from Wikipedia  , and improving time of synonyms using the NYT corpus  , 2 query expansion using time-independent synonyms  , and 3 query expansion using time-dependent synonyms. In this section  , we will evaluate our proposed approaches extracting and improving time of synonyms  , and query expansion using time-based synonyms. In this paper  , we introduce the query expansion and ranking methods used by the NICTA team at 2007 Genomics Track. In addition   , the importance of the original query concepts is maintained after query expansion by using a geometric progression to normalize the contributed of the expansion terms. The work presented here extends previous work by investigating the effectiveness of the system and users in suggesting terms for query expansion. Finally  , in a study of term sources for query expansion during user-intermediary retrieval  , Spink 4 found that the most effective query expansion terms came from users. Baseline refers to a querylikelihood QL run using the Indri search engine 24  , while PRF refers to automatic query expansion using PRF 2 . " In order to effectively apply relation-based methods to short or ungrammatical queries  , we use the external resources such as the Web to extract additional terms and relations for query expansion. In this section  , we describe how the gene lexical variants section 2.2 and the domain knowledge section 2.3 are utilized for query expansion and how the query expansion is implemented in the IR model described in section 2.4. As such  , query expansion is critical for improving the performance of IR systems in the biomedical literature . Researchers have also investigated users' ability to select good terms for query expansion 15  , 23  , 25. Under the relation based framework for passage retrieval  , dependency relation based path expansion can further bring about a 17.49% improvement in MRR over fuzzy matching RBS of relation matching without any query expansion. The use of relation path query expansion DRQER under RBS can further improve the MRR score to over 0.554  , which is significantly better than the best reported results in 8 for RBS without query expansion. In practice  , an expansion term may act on the query in dependence with other terms  , and their weights may be different. The acronym-expansion checking function returns true if e is an expansion of a  , and false otherwise. Let a and e be an acronym and a query  , respectively. Section 3 provides an overview of the MRF model and details our proposed latent concept expansion technique. In Section 2 we describe related query expansion approaches. We use this as our baseline text-based expansion model. Relevant expansion terms are extracted and used in combination with the original query the RM3 variant. The initial natural language topic statement is submitted to a standard retrieval engine via a Query Expansion Tool QET interface. The topic expansion interaction proceeds as follows: 1. This shows up in several areas. Our query expansion method is based on the probabilistic models described above. Then the topranked terms can be selected as expansion terms. In TREC 2012 microblog track  , we explore the query expansion and document expansion approaches to tweet retrieval. The results show the approach works well. Automatic query expansion does not increase recall  , but significantly increases precision. Document expansion combined with vector space model improves retrieval results. In addition  , they vary window sizes for matching queries but in our technique window sizes are determined by sentence lengths. For the 2014 TREC clinical track  , our research focuses on query expansion. Keeping this in mind  , the expansion intended in this research would use Metamap  , UMLS Metathesaurus  , and SNOMED-CT to find relevant documents pertaining to the query/topic. As shown by the results  , compared with the results obtained without query expansion see Table 17  , the query expansion does improve retrieval performance  , if an appropriate setting is applied. c = 15.34 for short queries and c = 2.16 for long queries. saw that one of their query expansion methods hurt results for highly relevant tweets while a different method improved results for highly relevant tweets 7. Most reported that query expansion improved their results  , although Louvan et al. Here  , we show how performance varies when the relation matching technique is reinforced by query expansion. State-of-theart QA systems adopt query expansion QE to alleviate such problems 5  , 10  , 8. The first method is heuristic query expansion  , and the second is based on random walks over UMLS. This year We have tested two different methods for query expansion based on DbPedia and UMLS. Table 1 shows the results of different query expansion methods on two TREC training datasets. To compare the performance of different query expansion patterns  , we used the top 1  , 000 tweets returned by API. The words expressing method or protocol such as method  , protocol  , approach  , and technique were collected in a dictionary  , which was used for query expansion in topics 100-109. STIRS was developed such that any given module could be easily turned on or off to allow for multiple combinations of experiments  , i.e. We experimented with using row expansion to indirectly expand the query in 2 of our Main Web Task submissions. In past TRECs  , "query expansion" was considered necessary to produce top results 11. Cengage Learning produces a number of medical reference encyclopedias. Medical reference query expansion was based on the idea that medical encyclopedias may be able to suggest effective expansion terms for a query. Therefore query expansion could be applied to symbols as it was done for keywords. As it is well known in the IR literature  , query expansion helps to address the problem of word ambiguity. Overall  , the two newly proposed models  , as well as the query expansion mechanism on fields are shown to be effective. Therefore  , the selective query expansion mechanism provides a better early precision. When combining the expansion terms with the original query  , the combination weights are 2-fold cross-validated on the test set. more than 3 query terms are selected for expansion. The reason for this is a decrease in the score assigned to documents that include the original query terms but do not include the expansion terms. This expansion results in a loss of precision compared to the original query. For tweet expansion  , we used relevance modelling based approach to expand tweets by topically and temporally similar tweets. For query expansion  , we tried the classical blind relevance feeback to add new topically-similar terms to the query. The central problem of query expansion is how to select expansion terms. A query is expanded using words or phrases with similar meanings to increase the chance of retrieving more relevant documents 14. Figure I visualises the results. None of the three measures exhibit a strong correlation with performance improvement when using this expansion method. These query differences  , however  , do not directly predict whether or not the WIKI. LINK query expansion method will improve retrieval performance. They found one of the query expansion failure reasons is the lack of relevant documents in the local collection. Some studies focus on using an external resource for query expansion. In the lamdarun05  , we extracted important terms from Wikipedia with diagnosis terms and added to query expansion. The suggested diagnosis terms were added to a query expansion in lamdarum04. It might be important to find appropriate combination of terms for query expansion. The results show that the performance of our simple query expansion approach is not as good as the provided baseline. 3. expansion based on all retrieved documents. The expanded query gave 4 times as much weight to the original query as to the expansion terms; this is based on decent results from previous experiments. The parameters were fixed for all the evaluation conditions at: b=0.86; and K=1.2 for the baseline run without query expansion  , and K=1.1 with query expansion. Table 1 . Following the Semantic Web vision 1   , more and more ontologically organized Semantic Web data is currently being produced. Which ontological relationships are suitable for automatic query expansion; which for interactive query expansion ? Examples of systems that employ query expansion include Dynix  , INNOPAC  , Silver Platter  , INSTRUCT and Muscat 8. In the design and development of information retrieval systems  , this learning of new and potentially useful vocabulary from records viewed is called query expansion. In this section we propose and evaluate an approach that makes query expansion practical in a distributed searching environment. Experiments in the previous section confirmed our conjecture concerning the benefit of query expansion in a distributed searching environment. Searches were carried out using all cutoffs between O and 20  , 0 being no query expansion. This was repeated for four iterations of query expansion  , thus retrieving a total of 100 documents for the search. So experienced users' interactive query expansion performance is simulated by the following method: Searches are therefore carried out using every combination of the cut-offs 0 ,3  , 6  , 10  , and 20  , over 4 query expansion iterations. And we picked the top-k documents in one topic and use them to produce the expansion words. We use Bo1 model 11 to get query expansion words. Query expansion comes from two sources and used in different stages. This application of expansion strategy aims to achieve high precision and moderate recall. The temporal query-expansion approach UNCTQE was the best performing across all metrics. The temporal prior approach might have performed better in combination with document expansion. W~ have not been able to achieve any significant improvements over non expansion. Our results on query expansion using the N P L data are disappointing. the expansion dimension. Along the two directions of term diagnosis and expansion  , prior research has focused on identifying synonyms of query terms  , i.e. It is more effective than relevance model weights when expansion is more balanced  , i.e. Fig.4shows an example of our query expansion result. And we selected the top 20 terms as highly relevant expansion terms for the next scoring step. The submitted runs both use different forms of MeSH based query expansion. For both runs the Gene name expansion was applied as described in subsection 3.1. Based on these studies  , we propose a query expansion framework such that the expansion models come from both event type and event related entities. We examined the effectiveness of our different query expansion strategies and tried to find reasonable configuration for each. Therefore  , our final expansion configuration were set as: For the named page queries  , besides linguistic expansion from stemming in the IS ABOUT predicate  , we did not do any query expansion. the "   , " by "  as previously mentioned. For the other two approaches  , we use the same query expansion and document expansion techniques. Next we describe the language model based RTR model in detail. The procedure for our crowdsourced query expansion was as follows. A recent snapshot of English Wikipedia was used as the expansion corpus. In principle there can be miss/false drop effects on expansion sets. Further issues arise with query expansion using terms from documents. The results of this comparison are summarized in Table 6. Pre-translation expansion creates a stronger base for translation and improves precision. Query expansion before or after automatic translation via MRD significantly reduces translation error. We take the top 10 Wikipedia articles  , extract 30 expansion terms and give the expansion query a weight of 0.5. Furthermore  , we apply the 'exact match' strategy. In particular  , we explored query expansion and tweet expansion. For our system  , we applied various techniques to retrieve more relevant tweets. First  , the traditional goal of query expansion has been to improve recall potentially at the expense of precision in a retrieval task. Our motivation for and usage of query expansion greatly differs from this previous work  , however. We proposed an iterative query expansion approach to improve total recall. Query Expansion: The microblog track organizers provided participants with the terms statistics for Tweets13 collection. In post-TREC experiments  , we worked on enhancing the query expansion and temporal re-scoring approaches. This run constitutes our baseline for the runs applying the query expansion methodology. InexpC2QE We also tested the model selection mechanism with the use of a query expansion methodology. The different kinds of expansion terms would be effective according to the query types such as diagnosis  , treatment  , and test. Besides the standard topical query expansion Topic QE  , we also give results of the weighted topical query expansion W. Topic QE. We use oddnumbered topics 800–850 from the Terabyte track for training . It did not show any improvement over the baseline  , and further it was significantly worse than the manual query expansion UMassBlog3. However  , the performance of our query expansion technique UMassBlog4 is somewhat disappointing. The documents are scanned for the expansion terms or term sequences  , and the number of occurrences is counted for every expansion. The remaining expansions are combined into a new disjunctive query element that is added to the original query. Our experiments show that query expansion can hurt robustness seriously while it improves the average precision. We focus on using different retrieval methods and query expansion methods for improving the retrieval effectiveness. The properties used for performing the query expansion can be configured separately for each ontology. To increase the recall of the information retrieval tasks  , ONKI Selector performs query expansion by ontological inference. However   , it is a little surprising that the largest improvement in retrieval performance was found with simplest method of term selection and weighting for query expansion. These results indicate that query expansion with rsui works well for Japanese text.  AQR can additionally " punish " relevant documents that do not include the terms selected for expansion. Thus  , for this query  , query expansion actually results in a significant loss of precision. We hypothesise that if query expansion using the local collection i.e. Furthermore  , it is now accepted that query expansion works only on queries which have a good top-ranked document set returned by the first-pass retrieval 2  , 13. It expands a query issued by a user with additional related terms  , called expansion terms  , so that more relevant documents can be retrieved. Query expansion QE is an effective strategy to address the challenge. In the current implementation  , only noun phrases are considered for phrase recognition and expansion. Phrase recognition and expansion are applied to the most likely syntactic parse obtained for a user query according to the PCFG estimated from the query log. To use this framework for query expansion  , we first choose an expansion graph H that encodes the latent concept structure we are interested in expanding the query using. , E k  using Equation 2. It refers to selectively applying automatic query expansion AQE whenever predicted performance is above a certain threshold . One of the main applications of QPP is selective Query Expansion 1. From the aspect of topic understanding  , the Learning Query Expansion LQE model based on semi-machine learning method is designed. In our system  , query expansion is added automatically to improve the retrieval accuracy. We thus regard the distance of an expansion term to the query term as a measure of relatedness. We assume that an expansion term refer with higher probability to the query terms closer to its position. We then calculate an IPC score based on the expansion concepts in CE. In this strategy  , instead of query expansion  , we first calculate a relevance score based on the original keyword query Q. To this end  , we constructed a domaindependent conceptual lexicon which can be used as an external resource for query expansion. In this paper we introduced a proximity based framework for query expansion which utilizes a conceptual lexicon for patent retrieval. In a series of experiments we highlighted the importance of semantic proximity between query expansion terms and the center of user attention. 3 Often  , query expansion does not literally re-use previously encountered terms but highly related ones  , instead. We first report the results of using query expansion in the collection selection stage only. We expect that using query expansion in both collection selection and retrieval stages will eliminate this problem and further improve retrieval performance. When compared to other query expansion techniques 15  , 24   , our method is attractive because it does not require careful tuning of parameters. From a traditional IR perspective  , our method is a massive query expansion technique. A graph-based query expansion would spread all resources associated with an activated instance which is suited for thesauri. We chose this way of query expansion since it enables better to specify which documents are relevant. The Local query expansion method can be formalized as follows. Since this may affect the quality of the query expansion  , in our experiments we investigate how the size of the samples affects retrieval performance. In the past query-expansion on web-results has been shown to be useful for ad retrieval2. Web-queries and ad-creatives are both very short  , so we hypothesized that query-expansion would be useful. Our results are supported in these Proceedings by Pirkola 23 . But the interactive query expansion users are not then involved in their own tasks. To allow direct comparison with the retrieval performance of automatic query expansion the same documents  , topics  , and relevance judgments have to be used. All terms ranked at or above a given cut-off were used for query expansion and another 20 documents were retrieved. We will consider this in future work  , our intention here is to investigate the general applicability of query expansion. We also do not differentiate between queries although the success of query expansion can vary greatly across queries. This is also supported by the result that a topic-independent query expansion failed to improve search performances for some of the CSIs. We used information theoretic query expansion and focused on careful paremeter selection. In addition to testing the eeectiveness of the term weighting framework  , we were interested in evaluating the utility of query expansion on the WT10g collection. We quickly switched to Google for query expansion and found that  , on average  , the top four results produced the most pertinent pages. This discovery illustrated the power of using Google search results for query expansion. A retrieved document can be either relevant or irrelevant wrt. We compared the results of top-k retrieved documents of each query without synonym expansion  , and those of the same query with synonym expansion. Considering the measures of relevance precision and precision at 10 documents  , it can be observed from Figure 9that FVS outperforms all other query expansion methods. For the query expansion experiments  , the Terrier 27 software was used. The only method we tested that did not use query-expansion UNCTP performed significantly worse than the others. First  , given that tweets are text-impoverished  , query-expansion seems to be important. We found that query expansion helped the performance of the baseline increase greatly. We then added query expansion  , internal structure  , document authority  , and multiple windows to the baseline  , respectively. Query expansion is a technology to match additional documents by expanding the original search query. In our method  , the diversity of topics was represented by the weight of expansion words. The question " What are the proper query expansion techniques for our framework ? " Query expansion has been shown to be very important in improving retrieval effectiveness in medical systems 6. These expansion terms were also structured and assigned with a weight that was one third of the original term to avoid query drift. We tentatively handled the query expansion by applying DM built in the step of indexing by Yatata. Most of teams in last year took the step of query expansion in their system. However  , most query expansion methods only introduce new terms and cannot be directly applied to relation matching. Therefore we need to introduce additional contextual information for these short questions through query expansion. Starting from top-15 documents ranked by our system  , we follow two query expansion steps: 1. In order to improve the retrieval recall we decided to set up a full automatic query expansion module. In this paper  , we present a novel unsupervised query expansion technique that utilizes keyphrases and Part of Speech POS phrase categorization. However  , there are mixed results using ontologies such as WordNet and MeSH for the query expansion task. Among the various approaches  , automatic query expansion by using plain co-occurrence data is the simplest method. Experiments with semiautomatic query expansion  , however  , do not result in significant improvement of the retrieval effectiveness &m 92. The effect of expansion on the top retrieved documents depends on ho~v good the expansion is. Five of the nine retrieval methods used in the Query Track expand the query substantially either implicitly or explicitly . Automatic query expansion technique has been widely used in IR. Different from the above work  , we investigate the capability of social annotations in improving the retrieval performance as a promising resource for query expansion. Therefore   , the performance of query expansion can be improved by using a large external collection. P θ is the original query model as described in section 2  , e is the expansion term under consideration  , and w is its weight. Therefore  , we consider the following additional features: -co-occurrences of the expansion term with the original query terms; -proximity of the expansion terms to the query terms. As we mentioned  , these features are insufficient. An expanded query is formulated for each server using the documents sampled from that server. We hasten to point out that our methods are not committed to a specific query expansion approach. In Section 4.1 we provide the details of the query expansion method used for experiments. For instance  , Beaulieu 3 reported that both the explicit and implicit use of a thesaurus using interactive or automatic query expansion respectively can be beneficial. Previous research in thesaurus-based query formulation and expansion has shown promising results. However  , it is necessary to add semantics to symbols so that they can be employed in a query expansion technique. Moreover  , the selective query expansion mechanism increases the early precision performance of the system. With some settings  , we outperform our best submitted runs. According to the results in Tables 3 and 4  , the query expansion mechanism on fields is shown to be robust with various query expansion settings. This is close to the figures obtained by relation matching methods without query expansion as listed in Table 1. Specifically  , query expansion reduces the percentage of incorrect answers from 33% to 28.4%. In our ongoing experiments we are investigating both of these techniques  , however the experiments described here focus only on query expansion. Relevance information may be used either for query expansion or term reweighting. At this stage  , we tried out expansion of Boolean Indri queries. Using this technique  , we applied query expansion based on the relevance information received hitherto. The parallel collection is larger and more reliable than the test collection and should provide better expansion information  , both for terms and weights. First we consider query expansion. Figures 3 and 4 summarize the results. Therefore  , we believe that full expansion with mild query expansion leads to best overall performance. The fundamental similarity between HCQF and automatic query expansion techniques is not hard to be discerned. Also  , more refined query expansion techniques can be incorporated into HCQF to creating more suitable pseudo classes. So  , our query expansion was neither completely helpful nor completely harmful to Passage MAP. We discovered that query expansion increased Passage MAP for 11 topics and decreased Passage MAP for 9 topics. For the query expansion  , we use the top 5 most frequent terms of the summary already produced. After having selected the first sentence of the summary  , we use query expansion for the rest of the blocks. The details will be presented in Section 4. RQ4: How does query expansion based on user-selected phrases affect retrieval performance ? The research questions explored here were: RQ3: Do noun phrases provide sufficient context for the user to select potentially useful terms for query expansion ? In the rest of the experiments  , we always take query expansion into account in our suggestion ranking models. This experiment shows the value of using query expansion in retrieving relevant suggestion candidates. The effectiveness of our query feature expansion is compared with state-of-the-art word-based retrieval and expansion models. For ClueWeb12 we also report an official baseline using Indri's query likelihood model Indri-QL. We found that query expansion techniques  , such as acronym expansion  , while improving 1-concept query retrieval performance  , have little effect on multiconcept queries. Best retrieval performance is obtained for simple 1-concept queries. This indicates that even without considering language constructs in the question  , relation based query expansion can still perform better than cooccurrence based query expansion. We observe a 16.7% of improvement in MRR by comparing DBS+DRQET with DBS+LCA. A potential problem with query expansion is topic drift and the inclusion of non-informative terms from highly ranked documents. For each topic we show the original query and the selected expansion terms. We used a baseline  , which uses a single fixed window without considering query expansion  , internal structure  , and document authority. It also allows introduction of expansion terms that are related to the query as a whole  , even if their relationship to any specific original query term is tenuous. This form of expansion is simple to manage and effective. By using this methodology  , the most commonly occurring words and phrases after eliminating stop words were utilized for query expansion terms. All query terms are expanded by their lexical affinities as extracted from the expanding Web page 3. Unbiased query expansion improves " aspect recall " by bringing in more " rare " relevant documents  , that are not identified by the standard query-biased expansion methods that we consider. Incidentally  , we start the discussion regarding related work with publication that had to do with query expansion. However  , most related researches available make use of query expansion  , and therefore  , that method was of interest to our team as well. Based on these results query expansion was left out of the TREC-9 question-answering system. We experimented with query expansion for first stage retrieval but experienced a slight drop in the results. We propose a new query expansion mechanism  , which appropriately uses the various document fields available. Therefore  , this year  , we aim to have a refined query expansion by using more fine grained data. The query expansion mechanism refines the DFR term weighting models by a uniform combination of evidence from the three fields. We develop a new query expansion mechanism based on fields. Our explanation is that the selective query expansion mechanism refines the top-ranked documents  , while it introduces noise to the rest of the returned documents. Using query expansion is a popular method used in information retrieval. An example query and its expansion would be: " Tiger Woods PGA win " => " Tiger Woods PGA win golf tournament Masters victory. " This helps to prune documents with low number of query and/or expansion terms. In addition  , only those documents that have at least c query + expansion terms in them where chosen. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The resulting top concepts were converted to terms as in query expansion with UMLS Metathesaurus. When compared to the relevance models retrieval RM doc   , which effectively performs query expansion  , the relatedtext is on par or only slightly better. The related-text significantly improves the results of retrieval methods that do not perform query expansion. Such exhaustive exploration of the sub-query space is infeasible in an operational environment. Similarly  , for query expansion  , we need to analyze all 2 n combinations of expansion terms from the n suggested by PRF. Based on a word-statistical retrieval system  , 11 used definitions and different types of thesaurus relationships for query expansion and a deteriorated performance was reported. 111 assessed query expansion using the UMLS Metathesaurus. It is interesting to note that effediveness continues to increase with the number of query expansion terms. TaMe 5tabulates results as we vary the number of terms t used for query expansion.  Presenting a proximity-based method for estimating the probability that a specific query expansion term is relevant to the query term. Presenting an approach to construct a domain-dependent lexicon for identifying expansion concepts. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. We refer to this set as XE. These weights are then used to re-rank documents in the list R. We utilize the proximity of query terms and expansion terms inside query document DQ to assign importance weights to the explicit expansion concepts. In this paper we examined the potential effectiveness of interactive query expansion. This also shows that personalized re-ranking of results and query expansion with concept lens label work well. Combined lenses re-ranking with results re-ranking or query expansion improve lenses re-ranking performance. Combining either of these two expansion methods with query translation augmented by phrasal translation and co-occurrence disambiguation brings CLIR performance above 90% monolingual. Post-translation expansion and combining pre-and post-translation expansion enhance both recall and precision. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. More intelligently targeted expansion   , such as expansion limited to specific concept categories  , would likely have been more successful. We set the description field as the expansion field  , and we also select 10 documents in the first retrieval results as the expansion source. Besides  , Query Expansion technology is adopted in this run. It seems that current document expansion approach is still far from a perfect solution to tweet document modeling. Query expansion is a commonly used technique in search engines  , where the user input is usually vague. The key idea is to view the computation of Prt | Q as a query expansion problem. In this paper  , we present a query expansion technique that improves individual search by utilizing contextual information. Our preliminary study shows that precision and recall of the system improve after integrating the new query expansion module. In order to increase the recall of the set of retrieved passages  , we have experimented with three different query expansion techniques. We compare the results obtained with the different query expansion techniques and their combinations in the Results section. Simply by adding one distinctive term to perform query expansion is not enough to find all relevant documents. The reason could be that we didn't find appropriate combination distinctive terms for query expansion. For query expansion purposes  , we use a technique that generalizes Lavrenko's relevance models 4 to work with the useful term proximity features described in the previous section. We also found query expansion to be another valuable strategy. BBN9MONO BBN9XLA BBN9XLB BBN9XLC 0.2888 0.3401 0.3326 0.3099 Table 3shows the impact of query expansion on cross-lingual retrieval performance. The results demonstrate that query expansion BBN9XLA and BBN9XLB improves retrieval performance  , consistent with previous studies Ballesteros and Croft  , 1997. Table 2shows the effect of β-value on the performance of query expansion. Table 2   , we list the retrieval performance of query expansion using different β-values of 0.01  , 0.03  , 0.05 and 0.1.  Which ontological relationships are most useful as query expansion terms for the field of educational research ? Furthermore  , the following more-detailed research questions are addressed:  Can ontologies generate added value in query expansion mechanisms  , as compared to thesauri ? In the second step  , a prototypical retrieval system based on Lucene 6 is implemented   , incorporating both an automatic and an interactive mode for query expansion. Based on our experience  , topic words often exist for an information need. If query expansion is based on the whole query " the White House "   , we will find expansion words such as " Clinton " and " president " . The main contribution of this paper is devising a method for predicting whether expansion using noun phrases will improve the retrieval effectiveness of a query. To achieve consistent improvement in all queries we worked in a selective query expansion framework. Our work goes beyond this work by dropping the assumption that query and expansion terms are dependent. " Yan and Hauptmann 25  explore query expansion in the setting of multimedia retrieval. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. van Rijsbergen suggests the use of the constructed dependence tree for query expansion. Query expansion can also be based on thesauri. Bhatia has adopted the latest idea to provide personalized query expansion based on a user profile represented by a dependence tree 3. It was always clear that any additional terms obtained by expansion would only be as good as the initial query terms. This leaves the whole question of the effectiveness of query expansion unresolved. As yet no good heuristics for selecting query terms as candidates for expansion have been designed. So it is very interesting to compare the CLQS approach with the conventional query expansion approaches. A related research is to perform query expansion to enhance CLIR 2  , 18. Thus the use of external resources might be necessary for robust query expansion. A good initial retrieval will result in an improvement in query expansion performance but a poor initial retrieval will only make it worse. Figure 1illustrates the general framework for relation based query expansion. In our framework for query expansion  , we adopt a variation of local context method by applying language modeling techniques on relations to select the expanded terms and relation paths. Also  , query expansion in target language recovers the semantics loss by inspecting the rest well-translated terms. Query expansion in source language reserves the room for untranslated terms by including relevant terms in advance. A particular case of query expansion is when search terms are named entities i.e. , name of people  , organizations  , locations  , etc. One way of increasing recall is to perform query expansion. Our results demonstrate that high weight terms are not always necessarily useful for query expansion. This report describes the the query expansion methods that we explored as part of TREC 2008. Thus  , for the following experiments  , we adopted the T+G pattern to perform query expansion. That means  , the words from the two query expansion methods may make up for their shortage of information and improve the performance. It is clear by now that domain-specific query expansion is beneficial for the effectiveness of our document retrieval system. Therefore  , we have conducted some additional experiments in which we have selectively disabled certain parts of the query expansion subsystem. However  , when we apply query expansion to GTT 1  , the MAP decreases  , but the recall increases slightly. When we only apply query expansion in queries of GTT 2  , 3  , 4  , and 5  , our system achieves the best MAP. The second source of information used in query expansion is UMLS Metathesaurus 2. Experiments showed that query expansion by via of gene name dictionary could improve recall rate greatly. The improved results suggest that the expanded terms produced by Google-set are helpful for query expansion. Table 4shows the results for the title only T task using and without using Google-set based query expansion. Many participants did some form of query expansion  , particularly by extracting terms from previously known relevant documents in the routing task. Readers who took part in early TRECs will recall discussions on the issue of selective versus massive" query expansion. A passage importance score is given to each passage unit and extended terms are selected in LCA. Step 3: Query term expansion A method similar to LCA 3 was adopted as a query term expansion technique. Although the exact implementation of their methods differed  , all of the top 5 finishing runs included some form of query expansion 8  , 1  , 6  , 9  , 4. We investigate the effectiveness of query expansion by experiments and the results show that it is promising. However  , query expansion 5 is biased due to topic drift while improving the recall performance. Query expansion runs  , as our baselines  , outperform the median and mean of all 140 submissions. We submitted 10 runs to KBA CCR Track 2013  , including 2 query expansion runs  , 2 classification-based runs and 6 ranking-based runs. We used 25 top-ranked documents retrieved in the UWATbaseTD run for selecting query expansion units. Our main interest in using clarification forms was to evaluate different techniques for selecting MWUs and phrases for interactive query expansion. Web query expansion WebX was the most effective method of all the query expansion methods. As for reranking factors  , CFrelevant documents had the most positive effect  , followed by OSW and CF Terms. 4. jmignore: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion  , and full-text search. 3. jmab: automatic run using language model with Jelinek-Mercer smoothing  , query expansion   , and abstracts only. Query expansion was both automatic the top 6 expansion terms were automatically added to the query when the user requested more documents  , and interactive. The complete document could be viewed  , in a separate window  , by clicking on the document title. No use was made of anchor text or any other query-independent additional information for the query expansion run; documents were ranked using only their full text. We therefore did not restrict the selection of expansion terms. We will explain several groups of features below. The best automatic query expansion search for that topic  , using a cut-off of 2  , achieves 51 % precision. Overall  , Harman's method is not particularly good  , achieving a mean precision only just better than the best automatic query expansion search. The lack of improvement by the inexperienced users suggests that interactive query expansion may be difficult to use well. The question of how searchers use  , or could use  , interactive query expansion is therefore an important research topic. In addition to automatic query expansion  , semi-automatic query expansion has also been studied Ekm 92  , Han 92  , Wad 88. However  , this approach does not provide any help for queries without relevance information. In contrast to the approaches presented  , we use a similarity thesaurus Sch 92  as the basis of our query expansion . Thus  , while batch-mode experiments evaluating the effectiveness of automatic query expansion have been favorable  , experiments involving users have had mixed results. The terms that we elicited from users for query expansion improved retrieval performance in all cases. Thus  , there still exists a need for a document-independent source of terms for query expansion.  That any document judged as relevant would have a positive effect on query expansion. That the exclusive use of relevant documents to generate query expansion terms would effect the systems positively. The expansion terms are chosen from the topranked documents retrieved using the initial queries. 2 The impact of query expansion on web retrieval. In this section  , we assess the effect of increasing the number of expansion concepts. This technique provides a mechanism for modeling term dependencies during expansion. LCE is a robust query expansion technique based on MRF- IR. 2 reports the enhancement on CLIR by post-translation expansion. This observation has led to the development of cross-lingual query expansion CLQE techniques 2  , 16  , 18. Second  , we investigate the impact of the document expansion using external URLs. We first evaluate the effect of the two-stage PRF query expansion. In the experiments  , to select useful expansion terms  , we use two heterogeneous resources. Automatic query expansion is a widely used technique in IR. In this paper we proposed a robust query expansion technique called latent concept expansion. Future work will look at incorporating document-side dependencies  , as well. In this experiment  , we will only keep the good expansion terms for each query. Models Table 2. The impact of oracle expansion classifier The TREC datasets specified in Table 1were used for experiments. MRFs were also used  , for example  , for query expansion  , passage-based document retrieval  , and weighted concept expansion 27. But different from query expansion  , query suggestion aims to suggest full queries that have been formulated by users so that the query integrity and coherence are preserved in the suggested queries. Query suggestion is closely related to query expansion which extends the original query with new search terms to narrow the scope of the search. The results show that the performance of the expansion on tie-breaking could improve the performance. 2  , we also extend it with two commonly used strategies  , i.e. , query expansion and document expansion. 15  extracted adjacent queries in sessions for query expansion and query substitution   , respectively. 12 and Jones et al. Three things are worth mentioning about the results. looking for the synonyms of the query words. However  , the recency-based approach favors expansion terms from recent tweets and the temporal approach favors expansion terms from relevant busts in the recent or not-so-recent past. Both methods use query expansion. Type-1 terms are non-type-0 terms added to the query during query expansion. and their morphological variants. higher than expansion keys gave middle range results. The unexpanded OSUM query was identical to the unexpanded BOOL query. Internally we use this information to compute a query expansion and translate it into a SPARQL 17 query. after query expansion. Previous results that have combined query-and document-side semantic dependencies have shown mixed results 13  , 27. Query expansion occasionally hurts a query by adding bad terms. The third area is user in- teraction. The results indicate that query expansion based on the expansion corpus can achieve significant improvement over the baselines. The expansion corpus consisted of the WWW  , People and ESW sub-collections of the W3C test collection. However  , two factors directly determine the end performance of diagnostic expansion  , 1 the effectiveness of term diagnosis  , and 2 the benefit from expansion. This work tests the hypothesis that term diagnosis can effectively guide query expansion. While many methods for expansion exist  , their application in FIR is largely unexplored. Ogilvie and Callan have proposed a global approach to query expansion for FIR 15. The most likely k terms according to the relevance model generate the expansion candidates. People have proposed many ways to formulate the query expansion problem. expand the user query with API names. Expansion is followed by query translation. The query is then expanded with the top 5 source terms. The Expand function returns a fuzzy set that results from performing the query followed by query expansion. and 0 otherwise. Following the good results obtained by several groups using Web expansion in previous years  , we upgraded our system to benefit Web expansion using Answers.com search engine. Our next experiment dealt with query expansion based on external resource. To make this baseline strong  , both individual expansion terms and the expansion term set can be weighted. Expansion terms are then grouped and combined with the original query for retrieval. The last three years of Microblog track papers have shown substantial  , consistent  , and significant improvements in retrieval effectiveness from the use of expansion. We therefore tried both query expansion and tweet expansion . Plural and singulars were added using lexical-based heuristics to determine the plural form of a singular term and viceversa . However  , the computational expense and availability of comparable expansion collections should be considered. We strongly recommend the use of pre-translation expansion when dictionary-or corpus-based query translation is performed; in some instances this expansion can treble performance. In this setting we extract proximity information from the documents inside R for computing the importance weights associated with the expansion terms. Table 8we show the percentage of the good expansion terms  , as classified in section 5.3.1  , which were chosen by each subject as being possibly useful for query expansion. For each subject we examine first whether the subjects can detect good expansion terms; whether the subjects can recognise the expansion terms that are likely to be useful in combination with other expansion terms. Three types of query expansion are discussed in literature: manual  , automatic  , and interactive i.e. , semiautomatic  , user-mediated  , or userassisted . In 6 is clarified that query reformulation involves either the restructuring of the original query or by adding new terms  , while query expansion is limited to adding new terms to the original query. Studies of expansion technologies have been performed on three levels: efficient query expansion based on thesaurus and statistics  , replacement-based document expansion  , and term-expansion-related duplication elimination strategy based on overlapping measurement. Accordingly  , expansion-based technologies are the key points. It outperforms bag of word expansion given the same set of high quality expansion terms. We show that CNF expansion leads to more stable retrieval across different levels of expansion  , minimizing problems such as topic drift even with skewed expansion of part of the query. Therefore  , an expansion term which occurs at a position close to many query terms will receive high query relatedness and thus will obtain a higher importance weight. The query relatedness at each expansion term position is then calculated by counting the accumulated query  relatedness density from different query terms at that position . Interactive query expansion is basically the same as the aforementioned term suggestion  , but it appears to have been replaced by query suggestion during the last decade. There are also existing studies on search functionalities that are related to query suggestion but are different: namely  , interactive query expansion 3 and query completion 1  , 14  , 28. The retrieval module produces multiple result sets from using different query formulations. This way  , we can tweak the level of expansion by gradually including more expansion terms from the lists of expansion terms  , and answer how much expansion is needed for optimal performance. The order in which expansion terms are added for a query term is also fixed  , in the same order as they appear in the CNF conjunct. Query expansion may contribute to weight linked shared concepts  , thus improving the document provider's understanding of the query. In order to improve information exchange beyond the " shared part " of the ontologies  , we promote both query expansion at the query initiator's side and query interpretation at the document provider's side. In addition to confirming the main hypothesis  , experiments also showed that Boolean conjunctive normal form CNF expansion outperforms carefully weighted bag of word expansion  , given the same set of high quality expansion terms. The expansion parameters are set to 10 ,80 for all expansion methods  , where 10 is the number of top-retrieval documents and 80 is the number of expansion terms. rmX.qeY10 ,80.run " denotes the retrieval result using retrieval method " rmX " and query expansion method " qeY " see Table 2  , " qe0 " denotes no expansion. The main theme in our participation in this year's HARD track was experimentation with the effect of lexical cohesion on document retrieval. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. We have experimented with two approaches to the selection of query expansion terms based on lexical cohesion: 1 by selecting query expansion terms that form lexical links between the distinct original query terms in the document section 1.1; and 2 by identifying lexical chains in the document and selecting query expansion terms from the strongest lexical chains section 1.2. share a larger number of words than unrelated segments. During our developement work we investigated the impact of various system parameters on the IR results including: the transcriber speed  , the epoch of the texts used for query expansion   , the query expansion term weighting strategy  , the query length  , and the use of non-lexical information. The query expansion procedure of the information retrieval component has been revised and the capability to index nonsegmented audio streams for the unknown story boundaries condition has been added. Terms from the top ten documents were ranked using the same expansion score used in the post-hoc English expansion. After TREC  , we added Arabic query expansion  , performed as follows: retrieve the top 10 documents for the Arabic query  , using LM retrieval if the expanded query would be run in an LM condition  , and using Inquery retrieval if the expanded query would run in an Inquery condition. The parameters used for the TREC-8 experiments were as follows. WordNet synsets are used for query expansion. To form a query  , single-and multi-word units content words are extracted from the parsed query. This serves as our baseline for query expansion. Only Query Q: We performed API search using the initial query Q provided by organizer only. note on efficiency. Similar efficiency considerations for using several query models were described in some recent reports on predicting query performance and on robust query expansion 36  , 3. Effectiveness of query removal for IR. As outlined in Table 4.1  , we used several different query expansions. Researchers have frequently used co-occurring tags to enhance the source query 4  , 5. Another group of work modifies or augments a user's original query  , or query expansion. Section 5 outlines the test data. Query expansion is applied for all the runs. 8: The submitted runs to the Robust track. remains unsolved. Systems return docids for document search. for query expansion  , report improved effectiveness over their baseline systems. Search Engine with interactive query expansion and with advance search options semi+. The sample query is following: Thus  , synonyms are also included in this expansion. 35 proposed a solution for efficient query expansion for advertisement search. QEWeb: Query expansion using the web was applied as discussed in pervious section. Type-2 terms are non-type-0 terms in the original query. Second  , query similarity can be used for performing query expansion. First  , the ability to identify similar queries is in the core of any query-recommendation system. For the intersection approach  , the performance is also lower compared to Wikipedia expansion. In addition  , when the query matched exactly with an Wikipedia article and the query contained articles such as 'the'  , we added all the expansion terms obtained by expansion over the Wikipedia corpus. On the training set  , extensions of tiebreaking outperform the basic framework of tie-breaking  , and the performances are comparable with the traditional retrieval method with query expansion and document expansion. From the results  , it is clear that the tie breaking method could out perform the traditional retrieval even apply the query expansion method i.e. , UDInfoMINT. For this set of queries  , it is interesting that the query expansion reduced the gap in cross-lingual performance between short and long queries from 25% relative without expansion to only 5% relative. As expected  , query expansion improved short queries more than long queries. The weight of the expansion terms are set so that their total weight is equal to the total weight of the original query  , thus reducing the effect of concept drift. The number of expansion terms that worked best with the TREC 2011 qrels is 10 expansion terms for each query term. The higher variance of the document expansion run compared to a run without expansion cmuPrfPhr vs. cmuPrf- PhrE also differs from the findings from the 2011 query set  , where document expansion was seen to reduce query performance variance from the baseline and when combined with PRF. A possible cause for this may be the following. It is notable that the subsumption reasoning and indexing strategy actually performs only equally good compared to the baseline approach when no additional query expansion is used. Query expansion increases the accuracy up to 0.16 76% in terms of MAP when full expansion reasoning and indexing strategy is used. Vector representation via query expansion. The two expanded forms now have high cosine similarity. 3 exploit lexical knowledge  , query expansion uses taxonomies e.g. 5 and word sense disambiguation e.g. During this evaluation campaign  , we also proposed a domain-specific query expansion. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Multiply translations act as the query expansion. These multiple translations usually are exchangeable. Query expansion was applied to just the topic type. This resulted in the icdqe run. Average precision values are given in table 7. Search Engine with automatic query expansion and with advance search options: auto+. There are two types of BRF-based query expansion. They are: Recently  , 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results.  Google∼Web: Google search on the entire Web with query expansion. Wikipedia. Semantic annotation of queries using DBpedia. Query expansion using 30 expanded terms within top 20 documents. use Wikipedia for query expansion more directly. In 8   , Li et al.  Automatic building of terminological hierarchies. Query expansion with phrases suggested by the system 1. First  , we propose a specific query expansion method. In this context  , our contributions are the following. the original query. Performance improves in TRIP in tight expansion w.r.t. A query is optimal if it ranks all relevant documents on top of those non-relevant. The main goal of query expansion is to optimize a query. Using query expansion method  , recall has been greatly improved. Thus we expand the test query  , and then use the expended query on the matching method. Proper nouns in a query are important than any other query terms for they seem to carry more information. We would like the user to control what terms to be ultimately used to expand his/her query. More specifically  , we enumerated all queries that could be expanded from the considered query. For each query  , we checked whether it might be an expansion of another query. Compared to the baseline without query expansion  , all expansion techniques significantly improved the result quality in terms of precision@10 and MAP. A fixed expansion technique using only synonyms and first-order hyponyms of noun-phrases from titles and descriptions already produced fairly highdimensional queries  , with up to 118 terms many of them marked as phrases; the average query size was 35 terms. We performed some experiments to see how the retrieval performance varied as a function of these two parameters. Two other main parameters of automatic query expansion systems are the number of pseudo-relevant documents used to collect expansion terms and the number of terms selected for query expansion. Differences in resource quality may account for disagreeing reports on the effectiveness of query expansion in cross-language retrieval. Expansion terms extracted from these external resources are often general terms. Previous work 15  , 9 which uses external resources for query expansion did not take into account proximity information between query terms and related expansion concepts to form high quality expansions. Note that PPRF and PRF does not achieve improvement over the baseline  , but a fair comparison is to compare the retrieval effectiveness after query expansion with the retrieval effectiveness before query expansion. This result confirms the usefulness of proximity information for identifying importance weights for expansion terms as previously was shown in 13. Inspired by work on combining multiple  , mainly booleanbased   , query representations 3  , we propose a new approach Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Google has patents 15 using query logs to identify possible synonyms for query terms in the context of the query. The purpose of this research is to decide on a query-by-query basis if query expansion should be used. A specific search engine. Query expansion is a method for semantic disambiguation on query issuing phase. A query usually provides only a very restricted means to represent the user's intention. the time needed for its evaluation  , becomes larger. A critical aspect with query expansion is that  , as more terms are added into the query  , the query traffic  , i.e. Extract a set of query words from the question  , and apply semantic expansion to them. How can query expansion be appropriately performed for this task ? Smeaton et al. The procedure works as follows: We performed query expansion experiments on ad hoc retrieval. It actually provided correct answers for some short queries. Query expansion had an additional  , positive  , impact. This paper is organized as follows. Section 3 describes the document and query expansion model. Finally  , the user interacts with the results. for query expansion and results re-ranking. The USC of Suffixing to Produce Term Variants for Query Expansion Window 2 3. This paper has three primary contributions. Techniques for efficient query expansion. 2 Billerbeck  , B. and J. Zobel 2004. 28 use Wordnet for query expansion and report negative results. Voorhees et al. For the document expansion component  , we employ both LocCtxt document model and ExRes document model based on the observation that the two document models behave differently on different topic sets. All our official runs were evaluated by trec eval as they were baselines  , because we updated the final ranks but not the final topical-opinion scores. Furthermore  , the content-only score is obtained applying the query expansion technique we used a parameter free model of query expansion with 3 top ranked documents and 20 expansion terms. 4 Query expansion vs. none for Essie  , rather than completely avoiding query expansion that could be achieved by requiring exact string match  , we chose term expansion that allows term normalization to the base form in the Specialist Lexicon and might be viewed as an equivalent to stemming in Lucene. 3 Using the original topics vs. the topic frames. These diagnostic expansion queries are partial expansions simulated using the fully expanded queries created by real users. If the evaluation system selects two query terms sales and children for expansion  , with a maximum of one expansion term each  , the final query would be sales OR sell AND tobacco AND children OR child. Thus  , the expansion independence assumption of Section 4.1 is more likely to be violated by the ISJ queries than by the Legal ones. For example  , in order to discover the expansion term of a query term  , one may need to expand another query term first  , to bring up a result document that contains the expansion term. All such topics where a query term without expansion terms is selected are annotated with diamond shaped borders in the plot. By looking into these three topics  , we found that the manual queries for topics 76 and 86 do not have any expansion terms for the query terms selected by Pt | R  , while the idf selected terms do have effective expansion terms. Wrong expansion terms are avoided by designing a weighting term method in which the weight o f expansion terms not only depends on all query terms  , but also on similarity measures in all types of thesaurus. The underlying idea is that each t ype of thesaurus has dierent c haracteristics and therefore their combination can provide a valuable resource for query expansion. Expansion features express if the losing information from an untranslated term can be recovered by the semantics from the rest of terms with query expansion. In a simulated study carried out in 18  , the author compares the retrieval performance of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion with a simulated study  , and suggests that the potential benefits of the former can be hard to achieve. However  , in some other cases there is no significant benefit3  , 14  , even if the user likes interacting with expansion terms. Query expansion has a significant overall effect and  , in addition to reasoning  , is an important factor affecting the accuracy of the retrieval. Multilingual Query Expansion: Medical care is a multicultural and multilingual environment. Also query expansion may use only terms from recent documents in relatively dynamic collections. not diverse. 1 indicates that VSM with query expansion is obviously the worst method. It remains unchanged. Given these assumptions  , computing relevance requires the following steps : Query Expansion. 25 proposed a heap-based method for query expansion. Theobald et al. investigation. $5.00 through query expansion by using a grammatically-based automatically constructed thesaurus. Two different approaches are compared. Our experiments are discussed in Section 4. The 2011 query expansion modules were also reused. We also experimented with using these selected terms for query expansion. Section 5 explains the experimental results for our run. Section 4 describes query expansion. Section 4 is the result discussion. Section 3 describes query expansion and retrieval. We further apply query expansion for multilingual representations . The procedure is as follows: In a real interactive situation users may be shown more terms than this. This is a standard method of assessing the performance of a query expansion technique based on relevance information  , 3 We only use the top 15 expansion terms for query expansion as this is a computationally intensive method of creating possible queries. The † and ‡ symbols indicate that the achieved improvement of SQEEX−RM over the expanded and unexpanded lists  , EX-RM-NP2 and EX-RM  , is statistically significant at p<0.01. Controlling to include only the first few expansion terms of a query term simulates and measures a user's expansion effort for that query term. A downside of this simulation is that we do not know exactly how much time and effort the user has spent on each expansion term. As 1 mentioned  , collection enrichment is a good strategy to improve the retrieval performances of difficult topics. no query expansion is applied  , " rmX.qeYn ,k.run " is the run ID of the retrieval result using query expansion method Y see Table 2  , with expansion parameters being n ,k. Last  , we want to point out the UDInfoMB is a strong baseline to beat as it involve both the query expansion and document expansion at the same time  , while the tie breaking method only utilize one of these two. For synonym identification  , we integrated a sense disambiguation module into WIDIT's synset identification module so that best synonym set can be selected according to the term context. Given a query  , a large number of candidate expansion terms words or phrases will be chosen to convey users' information needs. In this paper  , we propose a novel query expansion method based on social annotations which are used as the resource of expansion terms. Since the performance of these methods is directly determined by the effectiveness of the kernel function used to estimate the propagated query relatedness probabilities for the expansion concepts  , we first need to compare three different proximity-based kernel functions to see which one performs the best. If words are added to a query using relevant documents retrieved from a database of automatically transcribed audio   , then there is the danger that the query expansion may include recognition errors 14 . Query expansion addresses this problem by adding to the query extra terms with a similar meaning or some other statistical relation to the set of relevant documents. For the Prior Art task  , we use term frequency method  , tf/idf method to generate our query  , and also employ the retrieval model used in TS task to execute our experiments. For the Technology Survey task  , we use phrase expansion method and query expansion method to generate our query  , and use Query-likelihood model  , DFR model and D-smoothing method to do retrieve. This additional level of indirection results in a more diverse set of expansion terms  , although it may also result in noisy or spurious expansion features  , as well. Second  , rather than expanding using documents directly query → documents → expanded query  , we expand using the search results of related queries query → related queries → documents → expanded query. In particular  , we will be able to find out what queries have been used to retrieve what documents  , and from that  , to extract strong relationships between query terms and document terms and to use them in query expansion. This result was ANDed with a query expansion of a "gene and experiment" query synonyms of the word gene and experiment also appear in this query. The top 100 of these documents were then used for query expansion and then intersected with the documents of the test collection. Finally  , we observe that removing noise from the index slightly damages MAP. Information retrieval in biomedical and chemistry domains is challenging due to the presence of diverse denominations of concepts in the literature. From the query and retrieval point of view  , different query formulation strategies such as the manual query expansion and automatic query expansion also referred as semantic search have been systematically performed and evaluated. Pre-selected biomedical concepts appearing in the documents were tagged using a dictionary-based named entity recognition technique. In other words  , the original query can be regard as a point in the semantic space  , and the goal of query expansion is to select some additional terms  , which have the closest meaning to the point. The key problem of query expansion is to compute the similarities between terms and the original query. Our system combines both historical query logs and the library catalog to create a thesaurus-based query expansion that correlates query terms with document terms. Our study melds the two approaches by analyzing library corpora for use in query expansion in the digital library OPAC. Indeed  , there are many queries for which state-of-the-art PF expansion methods yield retrieval performance that is substantially inferior to that of using the original query with no expansion — the performance robustness problem 2  , 7. Hence  , the expanded query might exhibit query drift 9  , that is  , represent an information need different than that underlying the original query. So in the end  , we choose the first 10 words ranking in tf*idf retrieval lists besides original words of query itself as the query expansion. After several experiments for considering the amount of words as query expansion  , we find that 10 keywords are enough to support the query. We focus on the query generation and retrieval model selection. In our initial cross-language experiments we therefore tested different values for the parameter r. Note that r is set once for a given run and does not vary from query to query. This approach maintains the benefits of query expansion that were demonstrated through the original use of similarity thesauri for monolingual query expansion. This result is consistent with previous work 24  , and demonstrates the positive effect of query expansion  , even when multiple query concept types are used. Second  , the LCE method  , which uses both multiple explicit query concept types and latent expansion concepts  , outperforms the SD method  , which uses the query concepts alone. The query expansion is performed by integrating the keyword-based query context into DFR-based sequential dependence model where concepts are presented as keywords rather than CUIs. The conceptual-DFR run is based on re-ranking the results that are obtained from query expansion using keyword-based query context. We hope query expansion will provide some so-called topic words for a query and also increase the mutual disambiguation of common query words. Term expansion does considerably reduce the space required for an n-gram database used for query evaluation. It is expected n-gram based query expansion will improve with other query formulation techniques  , different query component weighting and other word match measures. Our query expansion technique adds to a given query terms which are highly similar  , in terms of statistical distribution  , to all of the terms in the query. In this work  , we pursue the same direction but using a query expansion technique different from those used by previous researchers. Therefore   , we restrict RuralCafe to user-driven query expansion by suggesting related popular terms for each query. Suppose the user is willing to invest some extra time for each query  , how much effort is needed to improve the initial query in expansion effort  , how many query terms need to be expanded  , and how many expansion terms per query term are needed ? We hope to answer the following questions. When is the best performance achieved ? Table 1shows the most important explicit query concepts i.e. , the query terms and bigrams and the most important latent concepts i.e. , the expansion terms learned by our model. As an illustrative example of the parameterized query expansion in action  , consider the verbose query " What is the current role of the civil air patrol and what training do participants receive ? " In contrast  , in this paper we propose a novel parameterized query expansion model that applies parameterized concept weighting to both the explicit and the latent query concepts. Therefore  , it is only applicable to the concepts that are explicitly present in the query  , and not to the latent concepts that are obtained through query expansion. The titles of the topics were used as queries for this run. The enhancement introduced to the query expansion approach also resulted in an improved P@30 compared to Baseline13 and the improvement was found statistically significant. Here we use a full-freezing approach by which we only re-rank the unseen documents – those not use to create the list of expansion terms. Our Web-based query expansion QE consists of the Wikipedia QE module  , which extracts terms from Wikipedia articles and Wikipedia Thesaurus  , and the Google QE module  , which extends the PIRC approach that harvests expansion terms from Google search results Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Web-based expansion  , on the other hand  , searches much larger external data sources of the Web  , and has shown to be an effective query expansion strategy for difficult queries Kwok  , Grunfeld & Deng  , 2005. Based on these simplifications  , we measure the performance change due to the expansion term e by the ratio: In order to make the test simpler  , we make the following simplifications: 1 Each expansion term is assumed to act on the query independently from other expansion terms; 2 Each expansion term is added into the query with equal weight λit is set at 0.01 or -0.01. Thus  , recent research on improving the robustness of expansion methods has focused on either predicting whether a given expansion will be more effective for retrieval than the original query 2  , 7  , or on improving the performance robustness of specific expansion methods 10  , 13. Furthermore  , for some queries  , retrieval based on the original query results in performance superior to that resulting from the use of an expansion model. For each query expansion method  , we experimented with various setting of expansion parameters  , primarily including n and k  , where n is the number of top retrieved documents and k is the number of expansion terms. For each retrieval method rmX X denotes the id of the retrieval method  , see Table 1  , we used the three query expansion methods Table 2 with appropriate parameter settings to obtain multiple retrieval resultsd. Finally  , we will present details on how we train our relation language model for query expansion. We then describe in detail the two query expansion methods  , namely: a dependency relation based term expansion DRQET  , which is to be employed in a density based passage retrieval system 6 ,9  , and b dependency relation based path expansion DRQER  , which is to be employed in a relation based passage retrieval system 8. As shown in Table 1  , we have considered several means by which a FIR system could make use of query expansion: choosing expansion terms based on each collection separately local expansion and sending individual expanded queries to each collection focused querying using sampled documents. Although query expansion techniques have been wellstudied in the case of centralized IR  , they have been largely ignored in federated IR research. The run QCRI4 was obtained by retrieving the tweets using the combination of two sets of expansion terms which resulted from the corresponding query expansion schemes  , while the other three runs were conducted using the expanded queries which resulted from PRF only and did not use any external information. Two query expansion schemes were adopted in our system  , one utilizing the standard PRF technique and the other mining query expansion terms from Google search results based on the same set of Microblog search queries and timebounded by the query timestamp. Thesaurus expansion was found to improve recall significantly at some lesser cost in precision. An empirical study by Kristensen 26 compared single-step automatic query expansion of synonym  , narrower-term  , related term  , combined union expansion and no expansion of thesaurus relationships. Ruthven 3 compared the relative effectiveness of interactive query expansion and automatic query expansion and found that users were less likely than systems to select effective terms for query expansion. Approaches include having the system suggest a list of terms  , and automatically adding them to users' queries automatic RF  , allowing users to pick which terms to add interactive RF  , and eliciting new terms from users. The amount of query expansion for the SK case was thus chosen to be less than that used for the SU case because of the interaction between the query and document expansion devices. The values of t S c U u i F v w c y x W x were chosen for the UBRF stage for the SK run to give good performance across both development query sets when used in conjunction with document expansion. This research has shown that thesaurus-based query expansion often induces an increase in recall  , usually accompanied by a significant loss in precision. Besides  , two issues have been studied: finding key information in topics  , and dynamic result selection. A key idea of our term ranking approach is that one can generalize the knowledge of expansion terms from the past candidate ones to predict effective expansion terms for the novel queries. Suppose that query qi has k expansion terms  , the relevance label of expansion term ej 1 ≤ j ≤ k is defined as follows: The subjects varied in their ability to identify good expansion terms  , being able to identify 32% -73% of the good expansion terms. Unlike in 2011  , the run without stopwords cmuPrfPhrENo did slightly better on average than the equivalent run including stopwords cmuPrfPhrE in the 2012 query set. Second  , the query expansion for tie-breaking is worse than other method probably caused by the limitation of tie-breaking method  , which assumes that every query term is important and may not perform well for long queries. For example  , when the term " disaster " in the query " transportation tunnel disaster " is expanded into " fire "   , " earthquake "   , " flood "   , etc. , we do not count occurrences of several of these terms as additional evidence of relevance. Our key techniques for making query expansion efficient  , scalable  , and self-tuning are to avoid aggregating scores for multiple expansion terms of the same original query term and to avoid scanning the index lists for all expansion terms. Unlike many common retrieval models that use unsupervised concept weighting based on a single global statistic  , parameterized query expansion leverages a number of publicly available sources such as Wikipedia and a large collection of web n-grams  , to achieve a more accurate concept importance weighting. Our main research focus this year was on the use of phrases or multi-word units in query expansion. Two main research questions were studied in these experiments: -Whether nominal MWUs which exhibit strong degree of stability in the corpus are better candidates for interactive query expansion than nominal MWUs selected by the frequency parameters of the individual terms they contain; -Whether nominal MWUs are better candidates for interactive query expansion than single terms. Selected MWUs were then suggested to the user for interactive query expansion. All expansion has been performed via the Query Expansion Tool interface QET which allows the user to view only the summaries of top retrieved documents  , and select or deselect them for topic expansion. The key characteristics of this run is the 10 minute time limit imposed on topic expansion. By default  , summaries of all top 30 documents were used for expansion unless the user manually deselected some this was precisely the only form of manual intervention allowed. For a fair comparison with manual CNF expansion  , our first bag of word expansion baseline also uses the set of manual expansion terms selected by predicted Pt | R. Some results of bag of word retrieval at low selection levels  , i.e. For example  , with full expansion of all query terms  , CNF expansion Table 3 gets a MAP of 0.2938  , 23% better than 0.2384 of the bag of word expansion with the same expansion terms  , significant at p < 0.0025 by the randomization test and weakly significant at p < 0.0676 by the sign test. An interesting study by Billerbeck and Zobel 5  demonstrates that document-side expansion is inferior to query-side expansion when the documents are long. The ad-side expansion can be viewed as document-side expansion  , which has been examined extensively in the general IR community. This result indicates that the level of improvement in SDR due to query expansion can be significant  , but is heavily dependent on the selected expansion terms. It should be noted that the +10% improvement arising from use of the TR derived expansion terms is in addition to the +30% relative to the baseline when using the SDR derived expansion terms. The four methods examined are no use of expansion  , pre-translation expansion only  , post-translation only  , and the use of both pre-and post-translation expansion. Our goal is to compare four methods of query expansion or augmentation under a spectrum of conditions corresponding to differing quality translation resources. Using all terms for query expansion was significantly better than using only the terms immediately surrounding the user's query Document/Query Representation  , All Words vs. Near Query. However  , emphasizing the query during reranking does not appear to be necessary. Another method called query expansion expands the query terms with similar keywords for refining search results and guessing the user's query intents 2  , 11  , 27  , 28. The mined query pairs were then used as query suggestions for each other. Query segmentation divides a query into semantically meaningful sub-units 17  , 18. Query expansion expands the query with additional terms to enrich the query for- mulation 14  , 15  , 16. First  , unlike most other query expansion techniques  , we use key phrases as the basic unit for our query term. Our paper makes the following contributions. Indri structure query language model 3 is used in our two interactive runs DUTgen1 and DUTgen2. We used MeSH Medical Subject Headings for query expansion. We tested the effectiveness of a new weighted Query Expansion approach. The task is to retrieve relevant tweet documents for each provided query. Query expansion technology is used to modify the initial query. We try to improve system performance by integrating different ranking methods. Figure 1a illustrates query translation without expansion. The simple MT-based query translation and the PRF methods are illustrated in Figure 1. The first was query expansion – where additional terms were added to the query itself. Generally   , two different approaches were considered  , as shown in Figure 3. Then  , we use the TSTM to expand queries. Thus  , query expansion technique to expand the base query was not very helpful. Some of these topics were very short and contained very few technical  , specific medical nouns. However  , this improvement of recall comes at the expense of reducing the precision. The second query also uses a different set of expansion keywords usually fewer. This query can then be relaxed by breaking it down into tokens. This work uses fully automatic query expansion. Qiu and Frei 17  measure recallprecision and usefulness of query expansions based on a similarity thesaurus constructed from the corpus. Table 3lists the percentages for query types for CSIs. Finally  , a machine-learning-based query expansion is applied to testing its effectiveness for searches with CSIs. This approach outperforms many other query expansion techniques. utilized user logs to extract correlations between query terms and document terms 6. B+R means ranking document with AND condition of every non-stopword in a query. All runs did not use phrases  , and query expansion. Each correct conflation is a possibility for retrieving documents with textual occurrences different from the query. They can also be used for query expansion. As introduced in Section 5.3.3  , our system implements a user recommendation functionality through a query expansion mechanism. Let Q be a query submitted by the user Many automatic query expansion techniques have been proposed. However  , short queries and inconsistency between user query terms and document terms strongly affect the performance of existing search engines. In this article  , we presented a novel method for automatic query expansion based on query logs. We believe this is a very promising research direction. As shown in section 4  , there are many different similarity measures available. The query relaxation engine should automatically determine similar entities and use them for query expansion. We only utilize query expansion from internal dataset and proximity search. tweet data after query tweet time cutoff and external resource. FASILKOM03 This run uses phrase query identification  , query expansion from internal dataset  , customized scoring function without RT value added  , proximity search  , keywords weighting  , and language detection. Section 4 illustrates our semantic matching model based on conceptual query and document indexing using UMLS. Section 3 details our semantic query expansion technique using disease synonym dictionary. Both systems first expand the query terms of each interest profile. 1b  systems share three major components: Query Expansion   , Tweet Scoring  , and Redundancy Checking. It incorporates user context to make an expanded query more relevant. The selected terms contained no original query term. We used retweets for each query expansion method because retweets are a good source for improving twitter search performance 2. Defining the I-space and a continuous mapping from I-space onto W-space. A mapping from capability space to resource space expresses the fidelity profiles of available applications. A mapping from capability space to utility space expresses the user's needs and preferences. As described by Heck- bert Hec86   , the traditional graphical texturing problem comprises mapping a defined texture from some convenient space called the texture-space   , to the screen-space. Texture generation and mapping has received considerable attention in graphics. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Example. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The object's surface-space can thus be mapped to world-space. This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. T ?iEW.flT J  , . For homogeneous robots  , it is the mapping From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. We call this new space the reduced information space and the mapping from the information space onto it the aggregation map. Among the many possible ways of choosing a partition   , one solution is to choose a particular function mapping the information space onto a smaller tractable space. The radial distance between the camera and target  , as measured along the optical axis  , factors into this mapping. Tracking by camera pan requires mapping pixel positions in the image space to target bearing angles in the task space. This fixed mapping gives more flexibility to the k-mer feature space  , but only increases the size of the feature space by a constant factor of 2. Thus  , the fixed 3  , 1 wildcard mapping of abc is {abc  , a*c}. The tangential space mapping where V s 7 is tlie gradient function for 7. and Veep is tlie tangential space mapping of the kinematic function' . because it is com- Differentiating tlie where D denotes the differential operator. the arm is in constant contact with the obstacle . Mapping transforms the problem of hashing keys into a different problem  , in a different space. The overall Mapping- Ordering-Searching MOS scheme is illustrated in Figure   2. Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. Stage 1. The directory space. , id-r for some mapping function G. yet to be defined. Reverse mapping is indicated by dotted arrows  , where the mapping of force flows in the opposite direction as velocity. The " directions " of these matrices show the forward mapping of velocity from one space to another. The mapping can include time variant contact conditions and also timely past and/or future steps during manipulation. The skill mapping SM gives the relation between the desired object trajectory This skill mapping SM maps from the 6-dimensional object position and orientation space to the 3n- dimensional contact point space. The texture properties are defined relative to an object's surface. Let R be the orientation mapping from the surface-space to the world-space The relationship between the topic space and the term space cannot be shown by a simple expression. The mapping is given by the matrix shown in equation 5. Of course  , this mapping concurs with inaccuracy. Similar patterns in the input space lie in a geographical near position in the output space. It admits infinite number of joint-space solutions for a given task-space trajectory. For a kinematically redundant system  , the mapping between task-space trajectory and the join-space trajectory is not unique. the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. A key component of this measure. J is the Jacobian matrix of linkage kinematics in leg space. These parameters are used to derive a mapping from each camera's image space to the occupancy map space. and is described by the following equations: v  , = v&+ B; denotes the stiffness mapping matrix relating the operational space to the fingertip space. In 2  , Koo and K ,  , denote the independent stiffness elements of the operational space and the fingertip space  , respectively. There is a continuous many-to-one mapping from I-space t o W-space determined by the forward kinematics of the arm. For any point in I-space  , there is a unique corresponding arm endpoint position in W-space. A singular value decomposition of this mapping provides the six-dimensional resolvabilify measure  , which can be interpreted as the system's ability to resolve task space positions and orientations on the sensor's image plane. The object centered Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space is an essential component of the sensor placement measure . The key idea in mapping to a higher space is that  , in a sufficiently high dimension  , data from two categories can always be separated by a hyper-plane. The mapping is done through kernel functions that allow us to operate in the input feature-space while providing us the ability to compute inner products in the kernel space. The mapping  , termed the planar kinematic mapping in Bottema and Roth 1979  , is a special case of dual quaternion representation of object position in a three dimensional space. The Image Space is a three dimensional projective space with four homogeneous coordinates . For the defined model the phase space is 6-dimensional. So the mapping Eunction is 5-dimensional. It requires  , first  , mapping a world description into a configuration space  , i.e. , generating the configuration space obstacles Lozano-Perez 811. The configuration space approach  , for example  , is computationally very expensive. In the case of our mobile robot we chose four particular variables for the reduced information vector. This kernel trick makes the computation of dot product in feature space available without ever explicitly knowing the mapping. 10. The Hilbert curve is a continuous fractal which maps each region of the space to an integer. We employ two well-known space-mapping techniques: the Hilbert space-filling curve 15 and iDistance 23. As a result  , collision checking is also performed directly in the work space. The robot links and obstacles are represented directly in the work space  , thus avoiding the complex mapping of obstacles onto the C-space. Although the mapping is diffeomorphic  , the transformed path to the joint space possibly does not coincide with the optimal path in the joint space. Suppose that one path is planned in z space by a certain optimization scheme. This slicing was developed in 6 for use in teleoperation of robot arm manipulators. To alleviate this problem  , we propose a second mapping which transforms the 3D C-space into a discontinuous 2D space of " sliced " C-space obstacles. Available resource levels are provided by the system  , and constrain the configuration space to a feasible region. The resulting dynamical model is described by fewer equations in the u-space. The redundancy allows one to obtain a low-order model for the manipulator dynamics by mapping the joint velocity q- space to a pseudovelocity U- space. First  , a conventional automobile is underactuated non-holonomic  , so the mapping from C-space to action space is under-determined . An action space approach is attractive for the purposes of cross-country navigation for several reasons. But unlike the mapping on a basis  , a mapping to a dictionary does not allow the reconstruction of the data element. Similar to the mapping on a basis the mapping on a dictionary takes as input a data space element and outputs a coordinate vector. Experiments in 1  , 5 show that the LegoDB mapping engine is very effective in practice and can lead to reductions of over 50% in the running times of queries as compared to previous mapping techniques. LegoDB is a cost-based XML storage mapping engine that automatically explores a space of possible XML-torelational mappings and selects the best mapping for a given application. We have proved that the forbidden region of an obstacle can be computed only by mapping the boundary of the obstacle using the derived mapping function. A mapping function has been derived for mapping the obstacles into their corresponding forbidden regions in the work space. Also  , the stiffness mapping matrix B; between the operational space and the fingertip space of each hand can be represented by where i  B ;   denotes the stiffness mapping matrix between the operational space and the fingertip space of the ith hand. In this case  , the stiffness matrix in the operational space can be expressed as where i  K f  and ZG ,f denote the stiffness matrix in the fingertip space of the ith hand and the Jacobian matrix relating the fingertip space of the ith hand to the operational space  , respectively. Due to space limitations  , we cannot present all mapping rules. Where needed an informal explanation of the mapping rule is given and finally a formal definition using first-order predicate logic is given. However  , non-holonomic vehicles have constrained paths of traversal and require a different histogram mapping. The polar histogram is a suitable mapping from grid space to the histogram bins for holonomic vehicles with unconstrained steering directions. We have performed the task that pouring water from a bottle with the power grasp  , which can test the joint space mapping method. Some tasks were performed to evaluate the mapping method. This yields a coefficient vector with as many coordinates as there are dictionary elements. As reasoned above  , HePToX's mapping expressions define the data exchange semantics of heterogeneous data transformation. For space reasons  , here we just informally explain the mapping semantics by examining the two DTDs in Figure 1. The results of the Mapping stage are sufficiently random so that more space-expensive approaches are unnecessary . By using and extending Pearson's method 15   , mapping tables containing only 128 characters are produced . Teleoperation experiments show that the human hand model is sufficient accuracy for teleoperation task. The joint space mapping and modified fingertip position mapping method are exercised in the manipulation of dexterous robot hand. Instead we provide a few examples to illustrate the mapping. Providing the mapping of the entire OWL syntax into the three types of rules considered in this paper is beyond the scope and space limitations of this paper. Given the search space ΩP  covering all possible mappings   , finding a C min mapping boils down to inferring subsumption relationship between a mapping and the source predicate  , and between two mappings. Section 5.2 will discuss this approach in details. The transformation of pDatalog rules into XSLT is done once after the mapping rules are set up  , and can be performed completely automatically. The mapping is straight-forward  , but space precludes us from explaining it in detail. As in the example in Section 2  , the user provides the mapping between application resources and role-based access control objects using a Space-provided embedded domain-specific language. User-provided Mapping. The baseline approach builds a non-clustered index on each selection dimension and the rank mapping approach builds a multi-dimensional index for each ranking fragment. We compare the total space usage with baseline BL and rank mapping RM approaches. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the scnsorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping a.nd categorizations entirely within its seiisorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a priori internal representations. The parameters of the human hand model are calibrated by the open-loop calibration method based a vision system. Partition nets provide a fast way to learn the sensorimotor mapping. The robot learns the mapping and catego-rizations entirely within its sensorimotor space  , thus avoiding the issue of how to ground a przorz internal representations. In this context a datatype theory T is a partial mapping from URIrefs to datatypes. A RDFSDL vocabulary V is a set of URIrefs a vocabulary composed of the following disjoint sets:  VC is the set of concept class names  VD is the set of datatype names  VRA is the set of object property names  VRD is the set of datatype property names  VI is the set of individual names As in RDF  , a datatype " d " is defined by two sets and one mapping: Ld lexical space  , Vd value space and L2Vd the mapping from the lexical space to the value space. That is  , the cross-modal semantically related data objects should have similar hash codes after mapping. Then we attempt to learn a bridging mapping matrix  , M  , to map the hash codes from mpdimensional hamming space to mq-dimensional hamming space or vice versa  , by utilizing the cross-modal semantic correlation as provided by training data objects. By using this representation  , the robot is shrunk to a point with its position being represented by its end effector and the obstacles are represented as forbidden regions in the work space. If we control the sparsity of projection matrix A  , we could significantly reduce the mapping computation cost and the memory size storing projection matrix. But a large number of latent intents would greatly increase the cost of mapping queries from book space to the latent intent space. The coordinate form representation of the latter is given by tlie n x n manipulator Jacobian matrix DecpO. These solutions realize a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic T3R2-type parallel manipulators presented in this paper is the identity 5×5 matrix throughout the entire workspace. For example   , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closedloop structured finger such as the finger with five-bar mechanism described in 8  , the backward mapping is unique. Note that the forward or backward Jacobian mapping between the joint space and the fingertip space may not be unique due to the structure of finger used in robot hands. In this paper  , we treat a robot hand with five-bar finger mechanism and then the stiffness relation between the fingertip space and joint space is described by using the backward Jacobian mapping. The lexical-to-value mapping is the obvious mapping from the documents to their class of equivalent OWL Full ontologies. To make this clear  , consider a datatype where the lexical space is the set of Turtle documents  , and the value space contains the equivalent classes of RDF graphs according to the OWL 2 RDF-based semantics entailment regime a.k.a OWL 2 Full. Figure 1 shows the two essential mappings for skillful object manipulation. That is where it hurts in parallel kinematics  , especially when one considers only the actuator positions for sensing: the mapping is neither bijective several solutions to the forward kinematic problem nor differentiable singularities of any type. a differentiable bijective mapping between the sensor-space and the state-space of the system 16. Fullyisotropic PWs presented in this paper give a one-to-one mapping between the actuated joint velocity space and the operational velocity space. The Jacobian matrix mapping the joint and the operational vector spaces of the fully-isotropic PWs presented in this paper is the 3×3 identity matrix throughout the entire workspace. The hyper-plane is in a higher dimensional space called kernel space and is mapped from the feature space. toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Since joint velocities incident to the constraint boundary aC i.e. A partial function I : S C mapping states to their information content is called an interpretation. Our theory distinguishes between an object state space S and an information content space C. The object state space consists of all the possible states that objects representing information might assume  , and the information space contains the information content representable in the object state space. The result is a task velocity toward the constraint region C are not allowed  , the effective space velocity is unidirectional along vector n. Knowing that the mapping between the effective space and the task velocity space is bijective  , any constraint on the effective space reflects directly into a constraint on the task velocity space. Mapping all the obstacles onto C-space is not computationally efficient for our particular problem; therefore  , collision detection is done in task space. In 19  , collision detection is done in C-space using the pre-determined C-space configuration although the random points are generated in task space. the set of positions and orientations that the robot tool can attain  , will be denoted by W = this section  , we show how the robot's task space can be mapped to the camera's visual feature space and then we will consider the mapping from the robot's configuration space to the visual feature space. The task space of the robot  , i.e. The control space is defined by the degrees of freedom of our haptic device  , the Phantom. However  , it is difficult to work in such a high-dimensional configuration space directly   , so we provide a mapping from a lower-dimensional control space to the configuration space  , and manipulate trajectories in the control space. The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. Each image space occupancy map is transformed to the map space by applying F equation 2. The 2n + 1 variables of.the access tree model form a 2n + 1 dimensional space R. The access model implies a mapping G: S ---> R from the space of file structures S ontu the space of all the combinations of model variable values  , R. This mapping is usually many-to-one because the variables only represent average characteristics of the file structures  , i.e. The details of these parameters are shown in Table 1. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. Then the model tries to learn a mapping from the image feature space to a joint space n R : A robotic system that has more than 6 dof degrees-of-freedom is termed as kinematically redundant system. Further  , addition and scalar multiplication cannot yield results similar to those performed in the data space. This implies that the mapping of a data element in the coordinate space of a dictionary does not allow reconstruction. Intuitively  , a tight connection between two documents should induce similar outputs in the new space. Let the mapping function Φ contain m elementary functions  , and each of them φ : X → R map documents into a onedimensional space. average pointer proportion and average size of filial sets of a level. But this mapping is not one-to-one  , there are infinite number of possible joint-space solutions for the same task-space trajectory. This is one of the most common techniques used for kinematically redundant systems. The tracking of features will be described in Section 3.1. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as f Figure 1 . Figure 2shows the resolvability of two different stereo camera configurations. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as Figure 4shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Since the mapping from I-space t o W-space is continuous  , and since a sphere is an orientable surface  , so is the cylinder surface. I Figurestead  , it is the surface of a cylinder Figure 5 . An alternative method of dealing with sparsity is by mapping the sparse high-dimensional feature space to a dense low-dimensional space. We describe it in more details next. Instead of mapping documents into a low-dimensional space  , documents are mapped into a high dimensional space  , but one that is well suited to the human visual system. Word clouds and their ilk take an alternative approach. Finally  , Space verifies that each data exposure allowed by the application code is also allowed by the catalog. Second  , Space uses the mapping defined by the user to specialize each exposure's constraints to the objects constrained by the catalog. To achieve the goal of partially automated configuration  , the model separates concerns into three spaces: user utility  , application capability  , and computing resources; and two mappings. 4 showed that the lexical features of the query space and the Web document space are different  , and investigated the mapping between query words and the words in visited search results in order to perform query expansion. Cui et al. In other words  , with longer lifespan  , the partitions at the upper corner of the space rendition contain more tuples  , hence more pages. Graphically  , their mapping points in the space rendition move up wards. The Hough transform 5 was developed as an aid to pattern recognition and is widely used today. Thus the Hough transform provides a one-to-one mapping of lines in the original space to points in the transform space. Ordering paves the way for searching in that new space  , so that locations can be identified in the hash table. In SMART the Jacobian is used for a wide variety of variable mappings. In robotics it typically refers to the velocity mapping between a robot's joint space and its world space motions. Many classical visualization techniques are based on dimensionality reduction  , i.e. , mapping high-dimensional data into a low dimensional space. The first is to visualize high-dimensional data in a high-dimensional space. To explain this mapping from intention space to relevancy space  , let us assume we have a resource R which has been tweeted by some author at time ttweet. Figure 2a This difference becomes larger in the region which is far from the origin. The unique mapping is highly related to the concept of observability. This transformed state space is equivalent to the state space consisting of the deflection angles θ and ψ i with its timederivatives . Figure 2: Mapping between sensor space and mental space based on empirical rules and physical intuition. Subconscious knowledge or techniques often play an important role in human task performance. Therefore  , it is represented by a mapping of the shape space Q into the force-distribution space T*Q. A compliance can be regarded as a conservative force field. Using the learned sensorimotor mapping and body ima.ge  , the robot chooses an action in the sensorimotor space to circumnavigate obstacles and reach goals. sensorimotor space that extends beyond the cmiera's view based on collisions. First  , for an input hyper-plane  , all the cluster boundaries intersect the hyper-plane are selected. More formally  , the forward mapping from the input space to the output space can be accomplished as follows. The proposed method uses a nullspace vector in the velocity mapping between the q-space and the u-space to guarantee the continuity in the joint velocities. Finally  , in Section 6 we describe several simulation experiments. This representation greatly simplifies collision checking and the search for a path. From this perspective  , visual tools can help to better understand and manipulate the mapping into the program space. In general  , programmers use a language to map their ideas into a program space. In fact  , the theoretical condition for the validity of a sensor-based control is that there exists a diffeomorphism i.e. A different approach is to derive a reduced-order dynamical manipulator model 6. A typical trial comprised the mapping of several hundred square metres of trials space  , followed by two or more days testing a wide variety of runs through this space. The sorting office had many impermanent sonar features. Let  , the joint velocity polytope of a n-dof manipulator be described by the 2n bounding inequalities: This is done by mapping the original joint space polytope in the intermediate space with matrix Jq. Tracking in this manner is known as piloting 3 or steering 4. Note that this definition implicitly assumes to be able to generate negative values for the joint variables. These ellipsoids are the mapping froin unitary balls in t ,he velocity/force joint space to the analogous in the task space. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 3shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration . In this paper  , we consider a compliance and damping as impedance elements. On the other hand  , a damping is a mapping of the shape-velocity space TQ into its dual space T*Q. However  , there is a large gap between the problem space and the solution space. Establishing a mapping between domain model and the architecture is the objective of domain engineering 16. To compare the operations allowed by an application to those permitted by our security patterns  , a mapping is required between the objects defined in the RBAC model and the resources defined by the application. Based on the mapping provided for Medium- Clone in section 2  , Space populates the mapping relations as follows: Space asks the user to define this mapping. In many cases  , this mapping is obvious a resource named " User " in the application   , for example  , almost always represents RBAC users  , but in general it is not possible to infer the mapping directly. Formally  , it is a mapping from types of application resources to types of RBAC objects; the mapping is a relation  , since some application resources may represent more than one type of RBAC object. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations or proto-symbols and uses the mapping for primitive navigation to exploit affordances. The robot learns a sensorimotor mapping and affordance categorizations and projects the mapping into the future to exploit affordances . The results of the experiment are summarized in Figure 4. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We transformed the strings to an integer space by mapping them to their frequency vectors. to transform one string to the other. Extensive fault tests show that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly hurt reliability. This exposure can be reduced by write protecting buffer pages. These embeddings often capture and/or preserve linguistic properties of words. Word-embeddings are a mapping from words to a vector space. plastic  , metal or glass  , to friction cone angles that define the grasp wrench space. On a basic level  , this is often approached by mapping discrete material properties  , e.g. The XSLT stylesheets are created based on the pDatalog rules. In this section  , we formally define the extension of the database . However  , due to space limitation  , we describe the intension to extension mapping only. So uncertainty can be represented as a sphere in a six dimensional space. Thus the mapping from one we consider the characteristically same configuration of a manipulator. The -mapping model confirms that this gap does exist in the 4-D space. The gap between cluster A and B can be visually perceived. Triplify automatically generates all the resources in the update URI space  , when the mapping µ in the Triplify configuration contains the URL pattern " update " . Invocation. However  , space precludes an explanation here. There are additional details that concern how to preserve the data structure which holds the mapping of disk pages to buffer pages. Another dynamically consistent nullspace mapping  , which fits very well in the framework of operational space control  , was proposed by Khatih 61: by the manipulator's mass matrix. The language model described in 2 falls in this category. This mapping has two main advantages. We then apply the space-filling curve to this future position to obtain the second component of Equation 1. Clearly  , this constraint reduces the size of our search space. Thus  , when we come to mapping the root location  , we only consider configurations meeting the constraint. However  , the efficiency of exhaustion is still intolerable when SqH is large. The introduction of Query-Topic Mapping reduces the search space significantly in Opti-QTM. This mapping can be extended naturally to expressions. The repair space is thus E ∪ S. We recall that a program state σ maps variables to values. Therefore  , we only describe a number of representative examples  , though others can be described in a similar way. Traditional information retrieval systems have focused on mapping a well-articulated query onto an existing information space 4  , 43. Integrating Queries and Browsing. This places reliable memory under complete database control  , eliminates double buffering  , and simplifies recovery. Mapping reliable memory into the database address space allows a persistent database buffer cache. In the EROC architecture this mapping function is captured by the abstraction mapper. Logical expressions are mapped by an optimizer search engine to a space of physical expressions. We also show this in the demo. First artificial space-variant sensors are described in 22. Such a peripherally graded pattern was first expressed as a conformal exponential mapping in 21. This dictionary element is therefore represented twice. After this approach  , C hyperplanes are obtained in the feature space. is a mapping function and b i is a scalar. However  , the lack of this optimization step as of now does not impact the soundness of the approach. This helps to prune the space for conducting containment mapping. When we increase the mean lifespan of tuples  , more tuples have longer lifespan. The exact mapping of topics and posts to vectors depends on the vector space in which we are operating. Vector construction. Tracking of articulated finger motion in 3D space is a highdimensional problem. The corresponding mapping from classified hand postures to Barrett configurations is selected offline in advance. We can understand them as rules providing mapping from input sensor space to motor control. For the sake of clarity  , the parameters listed are also discretized. The mapping of the Expressivity to more than one sub-parameter consequently constrains the space of all possible configurations. ble as to be seen in Figure 3 . The space of word clouds is itself high-dimensional  , and indeed  , might have greater dimension than the original space. Our use of the stress function is slightly unusual  , because instead of projecting the documents onto a low-dimensional space  , such as R 2   , we are mapping documents to the space of word clouds. So  , in a rr@rm space  , in which slope is plotted along one axis and intercept along the other  , every point uniquely determines and is uniquely determined by a line in the regular space. Absolute space comes from the idea that the representation for each space should be independent of all other spaces. I Absolute Space Representation: An Absolute Space Representation or ASR 7   , is a cognitive mapping technique used to build models of rooms or spaces visited. Since an adversary can no longer simulate a one-to-n item mapping by a one-to-one item mapping  , in general  , we can fully utilize the search space of a one-to-n item mapping to increase the cost of attack and prevent the adversary to easily guess the correct mapping. Note that the number of possible transformed transactions is 2 |B S F | which is much larger than the number of possible original transactions 2 |I| . Because it is difficult to build a feature space directly  , instead kernel functions are used to implicitly define the feature space. This mapping is defined as φ : X → F   , where X is the original space  , and F is the feature space. Because the synibol space is continuous space and the dynainics in this space is continuous system  , the continuous change of the vector field in the inotioIi space and the continuous motion transition is realized. By the mapping function F  , the reduced motion zk is extracted t o the joint angles of the robot 9k. U refers to map the query text q from the m-dimensional text space to the kdimensional latent space by a liner mapping  , and V refers to map the retrieved image d from the n-dimensional image space to the k-dimensional latent space. where U ∈ R k×m and V ∈ R k×n . Lewis Lew89 surveys methods based on noise  , while Perlin Per851 Per891 presents noisebased techniques which by-pass texture space. Since the animation and the trajectory are equivalent  , we may alter the trajectory and derive a new animation from the altered trajectory. For example  , the integral and differential equations which map A-space to C-space in a flat 2D world are given below: During the transient portion the steering mechanism is moving to its commanded position at a constant rate. The mapping from A-space to C-space is the well-known Fresnel Integrals which are also the equations of dead reckoning in navigation. To find the stiffness relation between the joint space and the fingertip space  , it is first needed to consider the structure of finger in the hand. The wirtual obstacle is a continuum of points in I-space corresponding t o those arm positions in W-space at which the arm intersects some obstacles. When the hand system grasps the peg for the compliance center 0 1 of Figure 4   , this is identical to combine the two cases of Figures 2If the compliance center is moved to the point 0 2   , the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y1 in 6 changes into negative  , and the sign of the kinematic influence coefficient y2 in 11 changes into negative . While a tight as possible mapping uses the reach space of the robot hand optimally   , it may nevertheless occur that  , since the human finger's workspace can only be determined approximately   , some grasps may lead to finger tip positions which lie outside reach space of the artificial hand. When considering the mapping of the reach spaces of the human and robot hands we are faced with the following problem. For a more complete description of this mapping from activation level space to force space  , see 25. Extreme points in the space of applied forces are created by limits in activation levels some tendons will be at their maximum force and some will be inactive. Then the two robots exchange roles in order to explore a chain of free-space areas which forms a stripe; a series of stripes are connected together to form a trapezoid. One robot moves and sweeps the line of visual contact across the free space  , thus mapping a single region of free space. LSH is a framework for mapping vectors into Hamming space  , so that the distances in the Hamming hash space reflect those in the input space: similar vectors map to similar hashes. Among the common methods to achieve this is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 1. The one-class classification problem is formulated to find a hyperplane that separates a desired fraction of the training patterns from the origin of the feature space F. This hyperplane cannot be always found in the original feature space  , thus a mapping function Φ : F − → F   , from F to a kernel space F   , is used. in 21. In vector-space retrieval  , a document is represented as a vector in t-dimensional space  , where t is the number of terms in the lexicon being used. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Therefore  , it can be computed off-line and used as a look-up table  , forming the following pseudo-code: The mapping from each image space to the map space is only dependent on the camera calibration parameters and the resolution of the map space. It is not possible  , in general  , to compute the speed and steering commands which will cause a vehicle to follow an arbitrary C-space curve. The interface allows direct mapping between the interaction space to a 3D physical task space  , such as air space in the case of unmanned aerial vehicles UAVs  , or buildings in the case of urban search and rescue USAR or Explosive Ordnance Disposal EOD robotic tasks. The 3D Tractus was designed with 3D spatial tangible user interfaces TUIs themes in mind. Denote the joint space of an n-joint  , serialdifferentiability of g is necessary because the joint accelerations are bounded  , and therefore the joint velocities must be continuous . In its most abstract form  , the forward kinematics of a serial-link manipulator can be regarded as a mapping from joint space to operational space. The space overhead problem is crucial for Semantic Search  , which involves the: use of a space consuming indexing relation: A weighted mapping between indexing terms and document references. We study the two complcmcntary access methods through a common approach designed to improve time access and space overhead  , the Signature techniques Crh84. The construction of the configuration space  , the control space  , the mapping between them and the haptic forces makes it possible to author and edit animations by manipulating trajectories in the control space. We have provided several techniques for editing existing trajectories  , and as this is done the user can see the effect on the animation in real time. For example  , we can present a current situation and retrieve the next feasible situation through interpolation. With the FSTM partitioned effectively as an union of hyper-ellipsoids  , we can obtain the mapping from an input space of a dimensions to an output space of f3 dimensions in the N-dimensional augmented space  , a+f31N. If our thesis is correct  , physical TUIs such as the 3D Tractus can help reduce the ratio of users per robots in such tasks  , and offer intuitive mapping between the robotic group 3D task space and the user's interaction space. Examples may range from mining tasks  , space exploration  , UAVs or Unmanned Undersea Vehicles UUV. ORDBMSs that execute UDFs outside the server address space could employ careful mapping of address space regions to obtain the same effect. Also  , calls to SAPI functions from the AM extension execute as regular C function calls within the server address space  , so there is no need to " ship " the currently active page to the AM extension; copy overhead is therefore avoided. However  , subsequent research publications report 1 ,13 that a direct mapping from source to target TUs without an intermediate phonetic representation often leads to better results. Pt|s as a series of conversions from the grapheme space spelling of the source language to the phoneme space pronunciation  , and then to the grapheme space of the target language. The manipulator knows some mappings from the problem space to the solution space and estimates the mapping for the goal problem by using them. The solution space is a set of manipulator trajectories or a label representing there is no solution for the problem. We will discuss the haptics in Section 2.3  , but first we give the mathematical model. During learning  , the simple classifier is trained over dataset T producing a hypothesis h mapping points from input space X to the new output space Y . This is necessary during the search over the space of subsets of clusters  , and while estimating final predictive accuracy. FigureObject a has a different geometrical feature than object b  , yet under many grasping configurations  , the relation between the body attached coordinate system of the gripper and the object is the same. Furthermore  , this mapping is naturally a many to many mapping that can be reduced to a many to one mapping in obstacle free environments  , thus reducing the learning space and resulting in a much better generalization. In this figure  , the transformations are defined as: 2 functionfis also relating between gripper and object configurations  , then the relationship between an object geometry  , task requirements and gripper constraints can now be mapped to a generic relation between two coordinate systems. In future it is likely that as we move to a push model of information provision we should provide the means to have local variants of ontologies mapping into our AKT computer science 'standard reference' ontology. In this version of CS AKTive Space we have not included this ontology mapping capability since we have been responsible for engineering the mapping of the heterogeneous information content. The mapping provided by the user translates between the RBAC objects constrained by the pattern catalog and the resource types defined in the application code. Space requires the mapping above and MediumClone's source code—it needs no further input or guidance from the user. Space does not permit entire rules templates are shown or the inclusion of the entire mapping rule set  , but this is not needed to show how the homomorphism constrains the rules. In order to illustrate the interaction between metamodels   , a homomorphism  , and a set of mapping rules  , we examine portions of two rules from the formalization of UML with Promela. If space-filling curves are used  , the mapping is distance-preserving  , i. e. similar values of the original data are mapped on similar index data  , and that for all dimensions. By mapping multi-dimensional data to one-dimensional values  , a one-dimensional indexing method can be applied. The PSOM concept SI can be seen as the generalization of the SOM with the following three main extensions: the index space S in the Kohonen map is generalized to a continuous mapping manifold S E Etm. Unfortunately  , in general the planes do not match at the borders of the Voronoi-cells  , which may leave discontinuities in the overall mapping. Also  , we performed some teleoperation tasks to test modified fingertip position mapping method such as: grasping a litter cube block only with index finger and thumb; grasping a bulb and a table tennis ball with four fingers. Figure 2shows the structure of the global address scheme and an example mapping. To build a global catalogue of a user's personal information space  , each file needs to have a unique and non-ambiguous mapping between a global namespace and its actual location. The basic approach in 9 is to treat the problem as a search for desired functions in a large search space s. In actuality  , preparatory Mapping and Ordering steps are needed so that fast Searching can take place. The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. Hence  , the recommender system can explain to u3 that " T oy Story " is recommended because he/she likes comedy and " T oy Story " is a comedy. Here  , we adopt the PARAFAC model 4 to carry out further tensor decomposition on the approximate core tensorˆStensorˆ tensorˆS to obtain a set of projection matricesˆPmatricesˆ matricesˆP The extraction of the latent features of users  , tags  , and items and mapping them into a common space requires a special decomposition model that allows a one-to-one mapping of dimension across each mode. The best among the derived configurations is selected using cost estimates obtained by a standard relational optimizer. We represent the design space synthesis function  , c  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic  , taking expressions in the abstract modeling language to corresponding concrete design spaces. Relation c can be seen as mapping abstract  , intensional models of design spaces to extensional representations   , namely sets of concrete design variants. Example 2.2 select culture painting title : t  , Figure 5: Path-to-path Mappings pings save space by factorizing DTD similarities and allow semi-automatic mapping generation. cultureepaintinggtitle is mapped to WorkOfArtttitle because their leaf nodes are equal and there is a mapping between the context of title cultureepainting and a sub-path of WorkOfArtttitle. This inference is specific to data types– For some types  , it is straightforward  , while others  , it is not. The solutions we obtain through mapping are not optimal; however  , due to the good locality properties of the space mapping techniques  , information loss is low  , as we demonstrate experimentally in Section 6. Recall that both optimal k-anonymity and -diversity are NP-hard 14  , 13  in the multi-dimensional case. It is desired to ensure the mapping functions Φx to be consistent with respect to the structure of G| T V  , E. In the following  , we measure the information loss of each k-anonymous or -diverse group using N CP   , and the information loss over the entire partitioning using GCP see Section 2. For navigation  , the mapping is served as the classifier for the distribution of features in sensor space and the corresponding control commands. The learned lookuptable is the reactive 191 sensorcontrol mapping that explicitly stores the relations between different local environmental features and the corresponding demonstrated control commands. In this method  , the optimal trajectories in the state space are grouped using the data obtained from cell mapping. A cell mapping based method has been developed to systematically generate the rules of a near-optimal fuzzy controller for autonomous car parking. The information bases under the other mappings show the same general trend. Although we ran comparisons under all three mappings  , due to space constraints  , we show only measurements taken under the M-NC mapping  , because M-NC was the superior mapping in Section 5.2. Space uses this mapping to specialize the constraints derived from the checks present in the code to the set of RBAC objects  , so that the two sets of security checks can be compared. If the handles were clustered  , the strength of Btrees and direct mapping was exhibited. If the handles were clustered randomly  , direct mapping performed a little better than both hashing and the B+-tree because it used significantly less disk space about 30 ,000 pages. When a robot link moves around an obstacle  , the link-obstacle contact conditions vary between vertex-edge and edge-vertex contacts . In this paper  , we investigate the collision-free path planning problem for a robot with two aims cooperating in the robot's work space. However  , despite the importance of vision as a localization sensor  , there has been limited work on creating such a mapping for a vision sensor. Having a mapping of sensor performance across the configuration space has been argued to be beneficial and important. Particular mapping functions have to be defined  , which makes the problem more complex but in turn only meaningful configurations might be created. Experimental results on a Pentium 4 with an average load of 0.15 have shown an average query time of 0.03 seconds for the mapping and 0.35 seconds for the ranking when mapping to 300 terms. These are compared to Ouδ for the vector space method. The user can interact in the 3D domain by physically sliding the 3D Tractus surface up and down in space. Within the RDS we can treat elements of X as if they were vectorial and  , depending on the approximative quality of the mapping  , we can expect the results to be similar to those performed if they were defined in the original space. The RDS R – a quotient space given by the equivalence class of coefficient vectors resulting in the same dictionary element over the vector space R n – and the RDIP ·  , ·· R form a vector space with inner product. Queries belonging to this URL pattern have to return at least two columns. Figure 4 shows that the first two latent dimensions cluster the outlets in interpretable ways. We start by looking at the mapping of the labeled outlets  , as listed in Table 3  , in the space spanned by the latent dimensions. We emphasize that these features cannot be calculated before the result page is formed  , thus do not participate in the ranking model. Namely  , let W be the function mapping the space of Yfeatures to the weights: To our knowledge  , this is the first work that measures how often data is corrupted by database crashes. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory into the database address space does not significantly decrease reliability. Our second software design Section 5.2 addresses this problem by mapping the Rio file cache into the database address space. Second  , databases can manage memory more optimally than a file system can  , because databases know more about their access patterns. This exposes reliable memory to database crashes  , and we quantify the increased risk posed by this design. This is consistent with the estimates given in Sullivan9la  , Sullivan93J. Our main conclusion is that mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space has only a small effect on the overall reliability of the system. Then any multi-dimensional indexing method can be used to organize  , cluster and efficiently search the resulting points. The idea is to extract n numerical features from the objects of int ,erest  , mapping them into points in n-dimensional space. First  , we generated a dictionary that has a mapping between terms and their integer ids. In this section  , we describe how we transformed the candidate documents in each sub-collection into its representation in the Vector Space Model VSM. Documents are retrieved by mapping q into the row document space of the term-document matrix  , A: Like the documents  , queries are represented as tdimensional vectors  , and the same weighting is applied to them. We address these two issues by mapping the answer and question to a shared latent space and measure their similarity there. Therefore  , surface level similarity measures such as Cosine or Jaccard will fail to identify relevant propositions. TermWatch maps domain terms onto a 2D space using a domain mapping methodology described in SanJuan & Ibekwe-SanJuan 2006. For the second period 2006-2008  , 1938 records were obtained. In this paper we introduce one way of tackling this problem. Mapping navigable space is important for mobile robots and can also he a product in its own right  , e.g. , in the case of reconnaissance . IJsing this mapping reactive obstacle avoidance can be achieved. This effectively maps the low-dimensional force vector F from the workspace into the high-dimensional joint space of the manipulator. This could be done by mapping the object parameters into the feature space and thus writing them as a geometric constraint. In the case that a model of the environment is given  , one might also wish to incorporate obstacle constraints . We also plan to apply this method to general C-space mapping for convex polyhedra. We hope to extend this method in the future to work with non-convex polyhedra. Due to space limitation  , the detailed results are ignored. The results are beyond our expectations: the learned lexical mapping did not help for all the three ranking methods CS  , QL and KL. Finally  , an implementation of concurrent control as a mapping of constraints between individual controllers is demonstrated. Fourth  , a general framework for concurrent control borrowing from priority-based null-space control of redundant manipulators is described. Nevertheless it's possible that with different kernels one could improve on our results. It appears that the data does form a consistent mapping in high dimensional space  , and therefore we were able to get good results. This paper explores the utility of MVERT for exploration and observing multiple dynamic targets. These approaches build maps of an unknown space by selecting longterm goal points for each robot Other approaches focus more mapping I81 19. In semi-autonomous navigation  , omnidirectional translational motion is used for mapping desired user velocities to the configuration space. The robot is driven by selecting commands on the ASPICE GUIs; a mouse is used as input device. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . The slice held out is then mapped to the 3-D latent space with mapping matrix and appended to the learned embeddings of the other slices. We c m directly transfer the calibrated joints value measured by the CyberGlove@ to the robot hand. After h e calibration and knowing accurate joint angles of human hand fingers  , the joint space mapping is easy to fulfill. If the automated system could function well in this space  , then it will also function well in the retirement community. The automated behavioral mapping surveillance system was setup to replicate the installation area  , as well as the ambient lighting conditions. These include scaling  , rotation  , and synchronization of observations from several tours of a space. Beck and Wood 2 include several common operations involved in map-making in their model of urban mapping. The time series are further standardized to have mean zero and standard deviation one. The space V now consists of all time series extracted from shapes with the above mapping . Let¨be Let¨Let¨be a feature mapping and be the centroid matrix of¨´µ of¨´µ  , where the input data matrix is represented as in the feature mappingörmappingör the feature space explicitly. At this time  , it might be effective to subtract the explained component in the target ordering from sample orders. After that  , by mapping attribute vectors to the new sub-space  , components in attributes related to this vector are subtracted. An intermediate future work would be to incorporate the XQuery logical optimization technique in 9  in our normalization step to reduce the possible navigation redundancies in the VarTree representation. For discrete QoS dimensions  , for instance audio fidelity   , whose values are high  , medium and low  , we simply use a discrete mapping table to the utility space. latency by flipping the order of the good and bad values . Since the target predicate has a pre-defined domain of values  , each representing a range  , our search space is restricted to disjunctions of those ranges. Consider mapping between the price predicates in Example 1. triples that represent specific points in the geometric space. Mappings model both the descriptive characteristics of an object  ,  Relationships among objects are modeled by " domainobject   , mapping-object  , range-object. Thus  , mapping reliable memory directly into the database address space does not significantly lower reliability. These uncommitted buffers are vulnerable to the same degree in all three systems Section 5.2. But it does not become a subject of this paper so far as an n-a imensional space. We use this mapping to parameterize the grasp controller described in Section 3. The opposition space is important to this discussion because it links specific contact regions on the hand surface with the role they play in the grasp. The particular minimum of 3 in which the robot finds itself is dependent on the path traversed through through joint space to reach current joint angles. Thus the forward kinematics  , given the actuator states  , is not necessarily a unique mapping. For example  , a typical mapping approach  , called approximate cell decomposition 7  , maps an environment into cells of predefined shapes. There is usually a trade-off between low cost in time and space and high map fidelity and path quality. Second  , the inverse model  , the mapping from a desired state to the next action is not straightforward. First  , since soil is not rigid  , a C-space representation of natural terrain has very high dimensionality. The above results represent the first approach to a perception mapping system; it involves all sensors and all space around the robot. A crucial issue is naturally the sensor overlapping configuration. The global exploration st ,rategy provides the order in which these areas are explored. The local exploration strategy guides the path traveled for the mapping of a convex area of free space a triangle  , or a trapezoid. Section 2 extends Elfes' 2-D probabilistic mapping scheme to 3-D space and describes a framework for workspace modeling using probabilistic octrees. Finally  , simulation results and performance considerations are presented for the power line maintenance application. -procedures for mapping sensory errors into positional/rotational errors e.g. -providing the a-priori knowledge on the C-space configuration and the type of shared control active compliance or using nominal sensory pat- terns. This property can be viewed as the contraction of the phase space around the limit cycle. The mapping F is stable if the first return map of a perturbed state is closer to the fixed point. This is because we excluded the coupling terms iKfxyi=1 ,2 ,3 in the fingertip space for independent finger control. Note that the elements of the second row of the mapping matrix are calculated as zero. The sensory-motor elements are distributed and can be reused for building other sequences of actions. This will build a mapping of the sensory-motor space to reach this goal. In particularly  , by allowing random collisions and applying hash mapping to the latent factors i.e. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 27 on the space of matrix elements. we can both reduce the search space and avoid many erroneous mappings between homonyms in different parts of speech. We assume that by mapping only nouns to nouns  , verbs to verbs  , etc. Imitation of hand trajectories of a skilled agent could be done through a mapping of the proprioceptive and external data. The collected data could be used for generating unexplored movement and for reaching unexplored positions in the action space. A mapping is defined by specifying an implementation component in the requires section of an abstract package definition. Abstract components from the problem space are distinguished from implementation components by having an empty location field in their package definition. The kernel function implicitly maps data into a highdimensional reproducing kernel Hilbert space RKHS 7  and computes their dot product there without actually mapping the data. is a kernel function  , and C > 0 is the cost parameter . Clearly  , this plot does not reveal structures or patterns embedded in the data because data dojects spread across the visual space. The right view of Figure 5 shows the result of a random mapping of host names. two different paths in the interpretation space can lead to the same program. If the mapping from problem descriptions to programs is to be rich enough to generate a sufficiently wide variety of programs  , ambiguity is an unavoidable consequence  , i.e. An architectural style specification  , omitted due to space limitation  , defines the co-domain of an architectural map. 10 } Listing 2: The elided mapping predicate for the SCC application type and REST architectural style Section 2 presents object-relational mapping ORM as a concrete driving problem. This paper provides one solution to this problem  , particularly for design space models expressible within a relational logic 20 . Space  , in contrast  , requires only that the programmer provide a simple object mapping. Boci´cBoci´c and Bultan 3 and Near and Jackson 24 check Rails code  , but require the user to write a specification. Later  , we generalized this idea to map the strings to their local frequencies for different resolutions by using a wavelet transform. 7  , 8  presented techniques for representing text documents and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. Grossman et al. The acquired parameter values can then be used to predict probability of future co-occurrences. Figure 1: Mapping entities in folksonmies to conceptual space rameters by maximizing log-likelihood on the existing data set. Indeed  , mapping technology itself—including the prior technology of the printed map— privileges a particular cognitive perspective 9. Geographers and historians emphasize that a map advocates a way of thinking about space  , rather than transmitting the single correct representation. We address this problem by implementing feature hashing 28 on the space of matrix elements. We built an earlier Java-based prototype in order to rapidly explore the design space for visual mapping of organizations. Both the faces and the displayed information are obtained from a centralized corporate directory. Our choice of visual design builds upon one of the simplest hierarchical layouts  , the icicle plot 1. The classifier was trained to be conservative in handling the Non-Relevant categorization. After examining the relevancy of the datasets using our developed relevancy classifier  , we now use our TIRM mapping scheme in transforming the results into the intention space. Second  , suboptimal mappings have a larger impact in the two-dimensional space than in the unidimensional one. Thus  , mapping an entity to a suboptimal random coordinate affects the spatial deviation of more blocks in DBPedia than in BTC09. The access interface need only maintain a relatively simple mapping between object identifiers and storage locations. b Large holdings can be moved to wherever space is available  , without having to rewrite the corresponding catalog database. The attribute for each sample point object occupanjcy or free space was determined by the solid interference function "SOLINTERF" in AME. The sample points for RCE mapping were randomly selected in the CAD environment. Higher map resolution and better path usually mean more cells thus more space and longer planning time. This design offers more protection than the first two designs  , but manipulating protections may slow perfor- mance. Keeping an I/O interface to reliable memory requires the fewest modifications to an existing database but wastes memory capacity and bandwidth with double buffering. maximum heap space  , and the numbers of MultiExprs and ExprXlasses in the logical and physical expression spaces at the end of optimization. The columns in the tables show enumeration  , mapping  , and total optimization times  , estimated execution co&! This narrows down the search space of potential objects on the image significantly. Based on the mapping  , the FMA is used to retrieve a list of anatomical entities that could possibly be detected in this body region. Second  , consider the mapping of textual words into the latent space in LSCMR. But we find something interesting that though some topics overlap  , some smaller but more precise topics are discovered see the two " Biology " topics in Table 5. The mapping of feasible initial-state perturbations around a nominal initial state x 0 to sensor-observation perturbations is given by the observability matrix Let the columns of the matrix N span the null-space of B. We apply a. liyclrodynamic potential field in the sensorimotor spa.ce to choose an action cf. For an environment depicted in Fig. This histogram was established from a mapping from a 3D space to 2D ZXplane using the depth inforniation to represent the obstacles in the environment. The fuzzy rules and membership functions are then generated using the statistical properties of the individual trajectory groups. Figure 11shows another mapping. In a computer implementation  , if the available storage space is scarce  , it is straightforward to devise other mappings from hexagonal to quadractic not necessarily rectangular grids that do not leave empty cells. In computer graphics  , for cxample  , an object model is defined with respect to a world coordinate system. Many problems in computer vision and graphics require mapping points in space to corresponding points in an image. Fundamentally  , thc dccomposition in 12 rcprcscnts a. mapping from the space of infinitc-dimcnsiona.1 rcalvalucd functions to thc finitc-dimcnsiona.1 spa.cc  ?P. Thus we would wa.nt to decompose  ,BTs into 8 cocfficients , Employing this demonstration technique saves from the burden of mapping the human kinematics as in other approaches 7  , 14. Moreover  , kinaesthetic teaching intrinsically solves the correspondence problem  , as the robot learns in its own joints space. A phase space represents the predicted sensory effects of chains of actions. Projection heuristics provide an efficient method of projecting a learned sensorimotor mapping into the future to exploit affordances. We will develop a polygonal line method to avoid the poor solutions by fitting the line segments without any mapping or length constraints. This is due to their fixed topology on the latent data space or to bad initialization 8. Additionally  , potential clusters are maximally S-connected  , i.e. We represent these more compactly by mapping regions from the original space to descriptor nodes that record the object count for these regions. In the aforementioned methods it is assumed that the dataset is embedded into a higher-dimensional space by some smooth mapping. This number of components can be viewed as the number of effective dimensions in the data. Measure the relativity between the semantics of a tag t k and the chosen dimension according to the The intent of any input query is identified through mapping the query into the Wikipedia representation space  , spanned by Wikipedia articles and categories. 14 leveraged Wikipedia for the intent classification task. According to the objective function 6  , we think that the optimal r-dimensional embedding X *   , which preserves the user-item preference information  , could be got by solving the following problem: Mapping all users and items into a shared lowdimensional space. During the final phase of resolution i.e. , relation mapping  , the remaining relationships between concepts are mapped into the viewpoint model space. If types conflict  , HyDRA assists in the conflict's resolution. These relations may include temporal relations  , meronymic relations  , causal relations  , and producer/consumer relations. In practice  , we can often encode the same probability distribution much more concisely. The size of a probabilistic mapping may be quite large  , since it essentially enumerates a probability distribution by listing every combination of events in the probability space. The mapping from the system state to the Java code we implemented is straightforward. Space limitations do not allow us to concentrate on the implementation  , which is thoroughly described in 19. In this section  , we discuss our development of predicate mapper  , which realizes the type-based search-driven mapping machinery. Due to space limitation   , please refer to 12 for more details. Both problems are NP-hard in the multidimensional space. In this paper  , we developed a framework for solving the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multidimensional quasi-identifiers to one dimension. The relationship between database intension and extension then is an injective mapping between two topological spaces. That is  , the extension of a database can be seen as a topological space built out of entities rather than entity types. The state of the art in multimedia indexing is based on feature extraction 30  , 161. In the following  , lower-case bold Roman letters denote column vectors  , and upper-case ones denote matrices. We aim to derive a mapping Ψ : X → V that projects the input features into a K-dimensional latent space. The use of these techniques for document space representation has not been reported In the literature. Therefore  , transformation methods must be considered which are more efficient than the mapping techniques In the generation of the data point  ,. ,... ,.uon. This solution is one of five Pareto-optimal solutions in the design space for our customer-order object model. Figure 6presents a graphical depiction of an Alloy object encoding a synthesized OR mapping solution. The second component of the visual mapping is brightness . In particular  , the brightness of a statement  , s  , is computed by the following equation: 5In color space models  , a pigment with zero brightness appears as black. Indeed  , there is no theoretical basis for mapping documents into a Euclidean space at all. While this framework  , like many others  , has no theoretical basis  , it is an intuitive extension of a vector based approach. Apart from the limited number of discontinuities  , the mapping from pose-space to eigenspace is conformal: that is  , continuous but curved. In the experiments described below we used a fix sample grid of Ax=Ay = 50cm and A0 = 0.5 degrees. The tip of the bucket position and its orientation relative to the horizontal are the task space variables being controlled. Cylin-der extensions are determined from the joint angles using a polynomial mapping  Selective usage of these elements may be more suited for specific situations of navigation. The output is well-defined  , closed under the operation  , and is unique. Taking this function as weighting for the individual behaviours from the input space  , a mapping is defmed between the input and output spaces. These are highly desirable properties for an unsupervised feature mapping which facilitate learning with very few instances. Similar poses of the same object remain close in the feature-space  , expressing a low-dimensional manifold. The camera-totarget distance remains constant when the target horizontally translates in a plane parallel to the camera's image plane and simple perspective is used for the image-to-task space mapping. Tracking by camera translation is much simplier. uncertainty in the kinematics mapping which is dynamic dependent. The required joint trajectory cannot be generated by the given trajectory in inertia space due t o the dynamic parametel. Most approaches increase efficiency by dividing large multi-robot problems into several smaller single-robot tasks. Since the PCM contains only obstacles in a fixed vicinity of the vehicle  , obstacles "enter" and "leave" the map gradually as the robot moves. Based on this mapping each cell of the grid is marked either "obstacle" or "free-space". We have shown an efficient and robust method for recomputing 3-d Minkowski sums of convex polyhedra under rotation. Bottema and Roth 1979 introduce this mapping directly and study the image curves which represent the coupler motion of a planar four bar linkage. They went on to characterize the geometry of their projective image space. Mapping motion data is a common problem in applying motion capture data to a real robot or to a virtual character . Our accuracy requirements are much less because the mari0nette.k gesturing in free space rather than precisely positioning an object. Mapping with only stationary objects  , and localization using entire observations in which the dual sensor model of occupancy grids is applied for range readings from moving objects. OGSD Occupancy grids presuming free space is crossable. They obtain an affordance map mapping locations at which activities take place from learned data encoding human activity probabilities. An example of work on shared space of humans and robots is given by Tipaldi and Arras 15. What follows is a sequence of strings that define the traversal path through the output space of the selected extractor. The mapping expression starts by specifiying the " extractor key "   , a unique identifier of the extractor to be used. The second data set contains 2 ,000 data items in 3- dimensional space with 2 clusters the middle one in Fig.3. can compare the resultant mapping with the original data set directly. To calculate the document score for document d i   , the vector space method applies the following equation: We will now show how LSA is as an extension to the VSM  , by using this query mapping. We also consider transforming the NED mapping scores into normalized confidence values. For assessing the confidence  , we devise several techniques  , based on perturbing the mention-entity space of the NED method. The other primitives are less crucial with respect to the YQL implementation  , and therefore we skip their discussions due to space limitations. A short discussion of the mapping of each Remote Query Interaction primitive follows. Since the adversary only has information about the large itemsets  , he can only find the mappings for items that appear in the background knowledge. So  , the adversary can reduce the search space for each mapping of item. However  , mapping an inherently high-dimension data set into a low-dimension space tends to lose the information that distinguishes the data items. To address the " dimensionality curse " problem  , the index subsystem must use as few dimensions as possible . The SOM defines a mapping from the input data space onto a usually two-dimensional array of nodes. The vector size of the subject feature vector was 1 ,674 and the vector size of the description feature vector was 1 ,871. This is because wild stores rarely touch dirty  , committed pages written by previous transactions. This provides the means to study alternative physical representations and to analyse the consequences of changes made in the conceptual schema. We also test a number of other standard similarity measures  , including the Vector Space Similarity VSS 3 and others. We employ a mapping function f x = x+1/2 to bound the range of PCC similarities into 0  , 1. When decoding the relative strength of active signals in a complex 3d world with different densities of matter – i.e. When stock is reorganized  , the system must reconfigure its mapping of library space onto the subject headings. The mapping  can not be achieved by the system without breaking contact constraints. If the number of columns of the blocks C11 and Caa equals the dimension of the task space  , the cooperating system is " minimal " . For the purposes of synthesizing a compliance mapping   , it is assumed that the robotic manipulator and the gripper holding the object can move freely in space without colliding with the environment. The above equation does not include joint friction. In this paper  , we investigate a novel approach to detect sentence level content reuse by mapping sentence to a signature space. Thus  , it is essential that content reuse detection methods should be efficient and scalable. the terms or concepts in question. We choose a setup of P such that it provides a mapping into the space of all possible superconcepts of the input instances  , i.e. The stress term of the objective function is inspired by multidimensional scaling MDS  , a classical method for dimensionality reduction 2. Consider a naive indexing approach where a sentence-file stores keyword vectors for the sentences in the collection. In particular  , we propose a sentencesignature based mechanism for mapping from the sentence domain to a multi-dimensional space such that word-overlap searches can be re-posed as range searches in this space. Hashing then involves mapping from keys into the new space  , and using the results of Searching to find the proper hash table location. According to the preceding calculations  , both procedures will yield exactly the same ranking. Instead of mapping both queries and documents to the kdimensional concept space via U T k and computing the cosine similarity there  , we may therefore as well transform the documents via the m × m matrix U k U T k   , and compute cosine similarities in the original term space. Therefore  , the knowledge of inverse kinematics mapping is of great interest since it allows the path planing to be independent of the geometry of the robot. the inverse kinematics maps the world coordinate space onto the joint coordinate space  X E R " -+ q ~ R ~   l    ,  1 3  . Currently  , a 7:l position amplification permits comfortable mapping of RALF's full workspace into the workspace of the human operator. To facilitate the teleoperation tasks  , the controller for KURBIRT computes its tip position and scales the position from the space of the master robot to the space of the slave  , RALF. The control law is provided by mapping these two spaces as an open-loop schema. The sensor and the manipulation spaces are partitioned by considering the features of the images and the space of the DOF of the manipulator that is called the configuration space. Errors in the estimated and actual generalized force were used to drive the system to minimize the external loads projected into the configuration space. The method employs a mapping of the unknown interaction forces into a generalized force in the configuration space of a continuum segment. As discussed in t ,he Introductioii  , well known concepts for manipulability mea.sures of robotic structure are the so-called velocity and force maiiipulability el- lipsoids  , 12. The geometric configuration of robot manipulability includes two wellknown types: manipulability ellipsoidl  and manipulability polytope2  , 3 ,4. The concept of robot manipulability means that constraints on joint space are transformed to that of task space through the mapping zk = J q   , or in general the transformation P = A&. Hence  , in order to obtain more specific latent query intents  , we often need to obtain rather a large number of latent query intents. Most tasks  , for example welding  , insertions  , and grasping   , require a higher precision than can be achieved by using artificial forces. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as The fuzzy logic is used to select the elements of the transformation matrix 1T which indirectly determine the contribution of each joint to the total motion. Figure 7shows the trajectory taken by the wheelchair green when the user attempts to follow a leader blue. Trajectories and maps were produced via Hector mapping 17; map regions are as follows: light grey represents known vacant space  , black represents known surfaces and dark grey represents unknown space; the grid cells are 1 metre square. Practically  , the document space is randomly sampled such that a finite number of samples   , which are called training data R ⊆ R  , are employed to build the model. Let us suppose there is a classifier such as h  , which is defined as h : R → C  , where h is a many-to-one mapping of the documents to the binary class space. Bound the marginal distributions in latent space In the previous section  , we have discussed how the marginal distribution difference can be bounded in the space W . The following theorem concludes that we can further bound the marginal distributions of two domains by the mapping T . Thus  , we develop a mechanism for efficient wordoverlap based reuse 33  by mapping sentence domain context to a multi-dimensional signature space and leveraging range searches in this space. In this paper  , our focus is not on developing better reuse metrics  , but on the efficient identification of reuse in large collections. Index schemes: There have been a number of proposals for finding near-duplicate documents in the database and web-search communities 21  , 37  , 10. To an abstract model  , m ∈ Design abst   , we apply a design space synthesis concretization function  , c  , to compute cm ⊂ Designconc  , the space of concrete design variants from which we want to choose a design to achieve desirable tradeoffs. The inputs of the system are assembly quality ternis  , i.e. , the elements of assenibly quality space U1  , while the outputs are the assembly operation strategies ant1 quality control strategies  , i.e. , the elements of assembly cx~ntrol strategy space U ,. The NFEPN niodel is also used to implement and optimize the mapping f 1 3 . In their original formulation  , these manipulability measures or ellipsoids considered only single-chain manipulators  , and were based on the mapping in task space trough the Jacobian matrix of the joint space unit ,a.ry balls qTq 5 1 and T ~ T 5 1. A kinematic mapping f has a singularity at q when the rank of its Jacobian matrix Jf q drops below its maximum possible value  , which is the smaller of the dimensions k of the joint-space and n of the configuration space. The exponential commutes with its defining twist and its derivative is therefore: In computational biology  , it has been found that k-mers alone are not expressive enough to give optimal classification performance on genomic data. But what happens if the grasping configuration doesn't follow any of the simple built-in action models ? By dividing the mapping space into simple mappings  , more complex mappings could be learned over the whole object configuration space with a minimum number of experiments. In order to discuss and motivate the inverse kinematic function approach  , we must first describe the forward kinematics of a manipulator. A unique mapping will need additional constraints  , such as in the form of desired hand or foot position. In order to kinematically transform an RMP back to a humanoid robot  , one needs to generate a map from the 11– dimensional RMP space to the much larger robot kinematics space. Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. Each behavior is encoded as a fuzzy rule-base with a distinct mobile robot control policy governed by fuzzy inference. Resolvability provides a shared ontology  , that is a scheme allowing us to understand the relationships among various visual sensor configurations used for visual control. A key component of this measure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space  , is also a critical component of our visual servoing control strategy. is the Jacobian matrix and is a function of the extrinsic and intrinsic parameters of the visual sensor as well as the number of features tracked and their locations on the image plane. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space can be written as This set is called The above theorem states that points in the workspace close to obstacles  , relate to points in the configuration space with even less clearance. The mapping between workspace and configuration space is straightforward: A point p in the workspace corresponds to the set of configurations in C which have p as their position. News articles are also projected onto the Wikipedia topic space in the same way. Then  , the final mapping Φl of a location l into the Wikipedia topic space is the multiplication of the product vector and the local topic distribution. The motion strategy can be represented as a function mapping the information space onto the control space. motion commands corresponding to current knowledge of the system  , whose execution gives the robot the maximum probability of reaching a goal configuration from any initial configuration. In contrast to this direction of research  , relatively little research e.g. ,2 ,4 has involved the inverse kinematics -the direct mapping from the workspace to the joint space -for kinematically redundant manipulators. This resolved motion technique first determines the joint velocity using the pseudoinverse matrix  , and then incrementally determines the joint displacement; it thus transforms from workspace to joint space via joint velocity. These mapping methods are not widely used because they are not as efficient as the VSM. If the mappings to the topic space are performed correctly we are able to retrieve document at a higher precision than the vector space method. This fact is especially interesting if the data space is non-vectorial. The derivation of t from a induces a mapping  , cl  , from concrete designs to concrete loads parameterized by a choice of abstract load. As long as cm preserves a representation of a in its output  , then from any single design space model  , m  , we can synthesize a concrete design space  , and both abstract and concretized loads. Space is otherwise completely automatic: it analyzes the target application's source code and returns a list of bugs. Space Security Pattern Checker finds security bugs in Ruby on Rails 2 web applications  , and requires only that the user provide a mapping from application-defined resource types to the object types of the standard role-based model of access control RBAC 30  , 15 . A load/store using out of bounds values will immediately result in a hardware trap and we can safely abort the program . Note that we can reuse the high address space for different pools and so we have a gigabyte of address space on 32 bit linux systems for each pool for mapping the OOB objects. In the above definition  , it is equivalent to compute the traditional skyline  , having transformed all points in the new data space where point q is the origin and the absolute distances to q are used as mapping functions. Each point p = p 1   , p 2  in the original 2-dimensional space is transformed to a point Given a source logical expression space  , a target physical expression space  , and a goal an instance of Goal  , a Mapper instance will return a physical expression that meets whatever constraint is specified by the goal. The condition number and the determinant of the Jacobian matrix being equal to one  , the manipulator performs very well with regard to force and motion transmission. As opposed t o mapping < to new active joint space velocities through a given shape matrix Jcp   , this approach introduces additional joint space velocities using a new shape matrix . A more involved approach to redundant actuation is the introduction of entirely new actuators to the mechanism. Basically  , defuzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control action defined over an universe of discourse into a space of non-fuzzy control actions. Since we use the height defuzzification method  , we can specify a rule directly by assigning a real number instead of a linguistic value to pj which is to be optimized by EP. Although inany strategies can be used for performing the defuzzifi- cation 8  , we use the height defuzzification method given by where CF is a scale factor. As discussed in 21  , the measure is easily extendable to other visual sensors including multi-baseline stereo and laser rangefinders. The set of all possible twists at a given position and orientation of a rigid body is the tangent space at that point; it is represented by the tangent space at the origin of a chosen reference frame. Such a path is  , mathematically speaking  , a mapping from the real line  " time "  into the manifold. Among the collision-free paths that connect the initial and goal configurations  , some may be preferable because they will make more information available to the robot  , hence improving the knowledge of its current state. If the axes are aligned as shown in the figure  , the Jacobian mapping from task space to sensor space for a single feature can be written as Figure 2F shows the coordinate frame definitions for this type of camera-lens configuration. Before planning the vision-based motion  , the set of image features must be chosen. We also can define image features as a mapping from C. This means that a robot trajectory in configuration space will yield a trajectory in the image feature space. Fingerprint-based descriptors  , due to the hashing approach that they use  , lead to imprecise representations  , whereas the other three schemes are precise in the sense that there is a one-to-one mapping between fragments and dimensions of the descriptor space. The third dimension is associated with whether or not the fragments are being precisely represented in the descriptor space. Dimension reduction is the task of mapping points originally in high dimensional space to a lower dimensional sub-space  , while limiting the amount of lost information. 1 measurement of respondents' sensations  , feelings or impressions Dimension reduction techniques are one obvious solution to the problems caused by high dimensionality. Therefore  , the text query and the retrieved image are mapped to a common k-dimensional latent aspect space  , and then their similarity is measured by a dot product of the two vectors in the kdimensional space  , which is commonly used to measure the matching between textual vectors 1. Instead  , the map is created with consideration to where the ASRs are with respect to each other and the robot. Similar to a  we project these unreachable positions back to the closest reachable position in the workspace. In this section  , the results of numerical simulation of the Stiffness mapping between 2-dof cylindrical space and 2-dof joint space using both direct and indirect CCT are presented. Kc  , =  0 The initial values of joint stiffness matrix and joint torque in Figure 6are The former problem may be solved by the use of perfect hash functions  , such as those proposed in 1 ,2 ,3 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,9 ,10 ,26 ,28 ,301  , where a perfect hash function is defined as a oneto-one mapping frcxn the key set into the address space. Secondly  , the address space cannot easily be changed dynamically. As a result of COSA  , they resolve a synonym problem and introduce more general concepts in the vector space to easily identify related topics 10. The authors apply an ontology during the construction of a vector space representation by mapping terms in documents to ontology concepts and then aggregating concepts based on the concept hierarchy  , which is called concept selection and aggregation COSA. , where each column of Wp and Wq generates one bit of hash code for the p th and q th modal. The indexing relation is of the kind defined in IOTA Ker84In this chapter we present  , first  , the query language structure. If X and Y are input and output universes of discourse of a behavior with a rule-base of size n  , the usual fuzzy if-then rule takes the following form Thus  , each fuzzy-behavior is similar to a conventional fuzzy logic controller in that it performs an inference mapping from some input space to some output space. where a k are comers of the n-dimensional unit activation hypercube  , or the set of all combinations of minimally and maximally activated muscles. Dehzzification is a mapping from a space of fuzzy control actions defined over an output universe of discourse into a space of nonfuzzy control actions. Ail and A12 are the membership function in the antecedent part  , B  , is the membership function in the consequent part. A specific form of the ho­ mography is derived and decomposed to interpolate a unique path. A homography is a mapping from 2-D projective space to 2-D projective space  , which is used here to define the 2-D displacement transformation between two ob­ ject poses in the image. Daumé and Brill 5 extracted suggestions based on document clusters that have common top-ranked documents. Examples are presented to demonstrate the computational and the corresponding regional transformation: The resolvability ellip- soid 5 illustrates the directional nature of resolvability  , and can be used to direct camera motion and adjust camera intrinsic parameters in real-time so that the servoing accuracy of the visual servoing system improves with camera-lens motion.   , it is very tlifficidt to implement and optimize the mapping f l : l iising the mathematical or numeric approaches. In other words  , it is sufficient Remarkably  , in this case the optimization problem corresponds to finding the flattest function in the feature space  , not in the input space. Hence  , the key idea to overcome the problem of dimerisionality is the use of kernel functions for establishing an implicit mapping between the input and the feature spaces. Consequently several projections or maps of the hyperbolic space were developed  , four are especially well examined: i the Minkowski  , ii the upperhalf plane  , iii the Klein-Beltrami  , and iv the Poincaré or disk mapping. But it lays in the nature of a curvated space to resist the attempt to simultaneously achieve these goals. One advantage of this is that the high dimensional representation  , e.g. , the word cloud  , can convey some information about the document on its own. A fundamental assumption for multimodal retrieval is that by mapping objects in a modalityconsistent latent space  , the latent space representations of semantically relevant inter-modal pairs should be consistent. The most desirable value of multimodal retrieval is to enable transfer of knowledge across different modalities so that cross-modal retrieval performance can be improved. Tradeoffs   , Pareto-optimal solutions  , and other critical information can then be read from the results. In that case  , mapping this vector of functions or  , equivalently  , this vector-valued function across the points in the space yields a multi-dimensional  , non-functional property image of the design space. The use of a solid arrow to make this connection denotes that this mapping from the problem level to the solution level facilitates two goals  , in this case both the generation of new variants and also expedited navigation. Hence in Figure 1 we connect the Functional variation dimension in the problem space to the Nominal flow change dimension in the solution space. Scans from a triangle of points in pose-space will project to a non-Euclidean triangle of points in eigenspace. This is generated during mapping; as the robot moves into unvisited areas  , it drops nodes at regular intervals  , and when it moves between existing nodes it connects them. It is also given a set of nodes in 2D-space with edges between them  , constituting a navigation graph which represents known robot-navigable space 6. Interpolating a viable object path for a given object displacement requires knowledge of the initial and fi­ nal poses as well as how the object is to be displaced. A good example of the use of geometry within this application is the mapping of two dimensional views of the roadway into a three dimensional representation which can be used for navigation. It is clear that a robust solution to this problem must involve as much generic information as possible about space and the relationship between objects in space. Repeatability is guaranteed in the augmented Jacobian method because repeated task-space motion is carried out with repeated joint-space motion  , whereas in the resolved motion method repeatability is not guaranteed. It is widely stated 3 ,that the difference between the two inverse mapping techniques lies in the repeatability. Valuable prior research has been conducted in this direction for learning hashing codes and mapping function with techniques such as unsupervised learning and supervised learning. Semantic hashing has been proposed for the problem to map data examples like documents in a high-dimensional space e.g. , a vector space of keywords in the vocabulary into a low-dimensional binary vector space  , which at the same time preserves the semantic relationship of the data examples as much as possible. Attempting a strategy which would require the user to lead the point " inside " such structures  , with no knowledge of which entrance leads to the target and which to a dead-end  , is likely to negate the human ability to see " the big picture " and degenerate into an exhaustive search of the insides of Cspace obstacles. For each data item in the compressed data  , a backward mapping is necessary to discover the coordinates of the original space  , so that a new position can be computed corresponding to the new requdsted space. These operators  , however  , rely heavily on the ability to dis cover efficiently  , given an arbitrary position in the compressed data  , the corresponding logical position in the original dntabase   , in order to reposition the data items in the new transposed space. The unique mapping maps the energies of each DoF V θ ,ψi with the appropriate phases to the force trajectory F p ,x t by neglecting the influence of handle motion ˙ r. The energies V θ ,ψi and phases ϕ θ ,ψi span a transformed state space. It is clear that the most difficult phase of object recognition is making the pointwise mapping from model to scene. The considerable computation and space requirements such an approach would usually entail are avoided by using a sparse  , minimal feature that is easily extracted to reduce the number of features that can exist in a given scene  , and by decomposing the dimensions of transform space  , and by eliminating empty regions of transform space early in the search. Second  , since it is not known initially how many steps are required for the solution  , we start with one step transition and gradually increase the number of steps as required. Formally  , any density matrix ρ assigns a quantum probability for each quantum event in vector space R n   , thereby uniquely determining a quantum probability distribution over the vector space. The Gleason's Theorem 2 can prove the existence of a mapping function µρ|vv| = trρ|vv| for any vector v given a density matrix ρ ∈ S n S n is the density matrix space containing all n-by-n positive semi-definite matrices with trace 1  , i.e. , trρ = 1. We map the human hand motion to control the dexterous robot hand when performing power grasps  , the system adopts the joint space mapping method that motions of human hand joints are directly transferred to the robot hand and the operator can adjust the posture interactively; when performing the precise tasks  , the system adopts the modified fingertip position mapping method. 7. In the teleoperation system  , we use the space mouse as the 3D input device  , which has six DOFs and can control the end point position and pose of the Staubli RX60 robot. A recent work has shown that a finger or manipulator should have at least the same number of active joints as the number of independent elements of the desired operational compliance matrix to modulate the desired compliance characteristic in the operational space 5. To find the stiffness in the joint space of each finger  , first we have to compute the unique Jacobian relation; particularly  , the forward mapping is unique in the case of the serial structured finger  , but in the case of the closed-loop structured finger  , the backward mapping is unique 5. Force sensors are built into HITDLR hand. The procedure of computing the fingertip stiffness for the given object stiffness can be consequently summarized as below. Performing this mapping also provides a means to model the relationship between question semantics and existing question-answer semantics which will be discussed further in Sect. This information is augmented with that derived from the set of answer terms  , thus by mapping a query question to the space of question-answers it is possible to calculate its similarity using words that do not exist in the question vocabulary and therefore are not represented in the topic distribution T Q . Mapping the distribution of question topics to the distribution of question-answer topics avoids problems that occur when limited vocabularies are used in a question . Relation a  , an abstraction relation  , explains how any given concrete design  , d ∈ cm  , instantiates i.e. , is a logical model of its abstract model  , m. Function c is specified once for any given abstract modeling language  , as a semantic mapping predicate in our relational logic. This mapping is described by As in 2  , see also 3  , 4  , 5  , 7  , 8  , we assume that the image features are the projection into the 2D image plane of 3D poims in the scene space  , hence we model the action of the camera as a static mapping from the joint robot positions q E JR 2 to the position in pixels of the robot tip in the image out­ put  , denoted y E JR2. This way of sharing parameters allows the domains that do not have enough information to learn good mapping through other domains which have more data. The intuition for having this objective function is to try to find a single mapping for user's features  , namely Wu  , that can transform users features into a space that matches all different items the user liked in different views/domains. A pointer in each entry of the mapping table would lead to what is essentially an overflow chain stored on the magnetic disc of records that are assigned to the hash bucket but which have not yet been archived on the optical disc. To improve efficiency  , and in particular space utilization   , implementing hashing for a file stored on a WORM disc will involve some degree of buffering on a magnetic disc for both the mapping table and the contents of hash buckets. These mapping matrices are calculated for a given coil arrangement by treating the coils as magnetic dipoles in space and are calibrated through workspace measurements as outlined in 11  , 10. where each element of I is current through each of the c coils  , B is a 3 × c matrix mapping these coil currents to the magnetic field vector B and B x   , B y   , B z are the 3 × c matrices mapping the coil currents to the magnetic field spatial gradients in the x  , y and z directions  , respectively. However  , since the thumb and the ATX are coupled by the position constraints at the attachment points  , a unique mapping can be achieved between the degrees of freedom of the thumb and the ATX leading to the redundancy of the coupled system the same as that of the thumb alone. Thus  , for a given task-space trajectory  , there will be an infinite number of possible joint-space trajectories for both the thumb and the ATX. These internal points are hidden within the polytope P and they do not contribute to manipulability information. Determining manipulability polytope requires the mapping of an n-dimensional polytope Q in joint space to an m-dimensional polytope P in task space by the transformation P = AQ with n > m. It is known that one part of the hypercube vertices becomes final zonotope vertices5  while the remainder become internal points of P . Using a known object model the interpolation of thi  , desired path can then be represented in the task space by a 3-D reconstruc­ tion or mapped directly to the image space. A desired path can be uniquely defined by chOOSing a particular decomposition of the 2-D homography or collineation mapping the projec­ tive displacement of the object features between the initial and final image poses. By performing a singular value decomposition 8 on the task space to sensor space Jacobian  , and analyzing the singular values of J and the eigenvectors of JTJ which result from the decomposition  , the directional properties of the ability of the sensor to resolve positions and orientations becomes apparent. The following sections briefly describe the derivation of the Jacobian mapping and analyze the Jacobian for various vision and force sensor configurations. From a global perspective  , in multi-robot coordination   , action selection is based on the mapping from the combined robot state space to the combined robot action space. In the context of multi-robot coordination  , dynamic task allocation can be viewed as the selection of appropriate actions lo for each robot at each point in time so as to achieve the completion of the global task by the team as a whole. The 3D Tractus was designed to support direct mapping between its physical space to the task virtual space  , and can be viewed as a minimal and inexpensive sketch-based variant of the Boom Chameleon 14. The 3D Tractus height is being tracked using a simple sensor and the stylus surface position is tracked through a tablet PC or any other touch sensitive surface interface 5. Assuming that spatial and temporal facets of concepts are potentially useful not only in human understanding but also in computing applications  , we introduce a technique for automatically associating time and space to all concepts found in Wikipedia  , providing what we believe to be the largest scale spatiotemporal mapping of concepts yet attempted. When we read a story  , we place naturally characters in time and space that provide us with further context to understand. In addition to the object-oriented description of a perspective we define a navigation path where the navigation space is restricted depending on the selected perspective. The navigation space is defined by the semantic distance between the initial concept and other related concepts. While she uses salience values to describe a metric of object similarity  , we have chosen a fuzzy set approach for mapping user terminology to the represented domain knowledge  , described in more detail in Kracke@ 1. The manipulability polytope is also more practical when the maximum velocity and/or torque of each joint is given. In order to incorporate the curiosity information   , we create a user-item curiousness matrix C with the same size as R  , and each entry cu ,i denotes u's curiousness about item i. Specifically  , MFCF maps both users and items to a latent space  , denoted as R ≈ U T V   , where U ∈ R l×m and V ∈ R l×n with l < minm  , n  , represent the users' and items' mapping to the latent space  , respectively. When users ask for a particular region  , a small cube within the data space  , we can map all the points in the query to their index and evaluate the query conditions over the resulting rows. For example  , we could map the x  , y  , and z coordinates of a data point to a single integer by using a well-known mapping function or a space-filling curve and physically order the points by three attributes at the same time. For each document in X represented as one row in X  , the corresponding row in V explicitly gives its projection in V. A is sometimes called factor loadings and gives the mapping from latent space V to input space X . Each column of V corresponds to one latent variable or latent semantic  , and by V T V = I we constrain that they are uncorrelated and each has unit variance 1 . If intervals are represented more naturally   , as line segments in a two-dimensional value-interval space  , Guttman's R-tree 15  or one of its variants including R+-tree 29 and R*-tree 1  could be used. If only multidimensional points are supported  , as in the k-d-B-tree 27  , mapping an interval  , value pair to a triplet consisting of lower bound  , upper bound  , and value allows the intervals to be represented by points in threedimensional space. A sufficient condition is that the mapping defined by the task function between the sensor space and the configuration space is onto for each t within O ,T. We recall that the feasibility of a task defined by a task function and an initial condition lies in the existence of a solution F *  t  to the equation e@  , t  = 0 for each t within O  , TI. According to the Jordan Curve Theorem  , any closed curve homeomorphic t o a circle drawn around and in the vicinity of a given point on an orientable surface divides the surface into two separate domains for which the curve is their common boundaryll. Then  , Space uses the  Alloy Analyzer—an automatic bounded verifier for the Alloy language—to compare the specialized constraints to our pattern catalog which is also specified in Alloy. Space extracts the data exposures from an application using symbolic execution  , specializes the constraints on those exposures to the types of role-based access control using the mapping provided by the user  , and exports the specialized constraints to an Alloy specification. As this technique offers conceptual simplicity   , it will be pursued. As a request must search the Q buckets contained in the fraction of the volume of the address space as defined by the request  , one method of mapping to these buckets would be to generate all possible combinations of attribute sets containing the request attributes and map to the address space one to one for each possible combina- tion. Successively  , this germinal idea was further developed  , considering the dynamics a  , multiple arms 35  , defective systems and different motion capabilities of the robotic devices 6  , 83  , wire-based manipulators  , 9  , 101. So the joint-space trajectories of the thumb can be determined by the joint-space trajectories of the ATX and vice versa. In this paper we describe the 3D Tractus-based robotic interface  , with its current use for controlling a group of robots composed of independent AIBO robot dogs and virtual software entities. This is just one method of generating a query map  , if we look further at types of mappings  , we will realise that the possibilities are endless. Instead of calculating the document scores in the latent topic space  , we can use the mapping to extract related query terms from the topic space and use an inverted index to calculate the document scores in a faster time. Spatial databases have numerous applications  , including geographic information systems  , medical image databases ACF+94   , multimedia databases after extracting n features from each object  , and mapping it into a point in n-d space Jaggl  , FRM94  , as well as traditional databases  , where each record with n attributes can be considered as a point in n-dimensional space Giit94. fractional values for the dimensionality  , which are called fractal dimensions. In order to guarantee the fast retrieval of the data stored in these databases  , spatial access methods are typically used. HiSbase combines these techniques with histograms for preserving data locality  , spatial data structures such as the quad- tree 8 for efficient access to histogram buckets  , and space filling curves 6 for mapping histogram buckets to the DHT key space. HiSbase realizes a scalable information economy 1 by building on advances in proven DHT-based P2P systems such as Chord 10 and Pastry 7   , as well as on achievements in P2P-based query pro- cessing 4. L is the number of attributes in a request i~ L~ M . In this section  , we describe an example open-source application MediumClone and demonstrate how we used Space to find security bugs in its implementation. However they are not adequate to accurately estimate the actual performance achievable at the End Effector EE for two main reasons: the ellipsoids  , or 'hyperellipsoids' in R m   , derive from the mapping to the task space of hyperspheres in the normalized joint space  , while the set of joint performances is typically characterized by hypercubes  , i.e. respectively: closeness to singularity  , isotropicity of performances and maximum performance irrespectively of the direction mentioned above. Since a continuous state s ∈ S specifies the placement of objects  , one can determine whether or not the predicate holds at s. This interpretation of which predicates actually hold at a continuous state provides a mapping from the continuous space to the discrete space  , denoted as a function map S →Q : S → Q. As an example  , Onbook  , table holds iff the book is actually on the table. Moreover  , trajectories over S give meaning to the actions in the discrete specification. For the single stance motion  , we modify the animation motion to be suitable for the robot by 1 keeping the stance foot flat on the ground  , and 2 mapping the motion in the Euclidean space into the robot's configuration space. We do not generate target motions for the double support phase  , since it is relatively short and there is not much freedom in the motion since both feet remains at their positions. Using our fully decoupled tracker and mapper design and fast image space tracking  , we are able to compute the pose estimates on the MAV in constant time at 4.39 ms while building the growing global map on the ground station. We have divided the full SLAM problem into a fast monocular image space tracking MIST on the MAV and a keyframe-based smoothing and mapping on the ground station. The approach we take is to use an online optimization of one-step lmkahead  , choosing trajectories that maximize the space explored while minimizing the likelihood we will become lost on re-entering the map. If we choose trajectories that can explore the space rapidly but allow us to return to the mapped regions sufficiently often to avoid tracking errors or mapping errors  , then we can avoid such problems. each joint performance is bounded by +/-a maximum value; the ellipsoids are formulated using task space vectors that are not homogeneous from a dimensional viewpoint  , to take into account both translational and rotational performances; the weight matrices used to normalize do not provide unique results this problem had already been identified in 5. In such a case there is one dominant direction  , which is reflected in one slot  , see figure 3 -d. The advising orientation depends on the pq-histogram quadrant where the peak is found. The position of this peak will give us a rough estimate of the free space; that is  , there is a direct mapping between the location of peak in the histogram and the angle of the free space in the image  , see figure 3-d. A single pq-histogram returns only one orientation for the free space  , which is appropriate if we are observing a wall. Overall  , the mapping of linguistic properties of the quotes in the latent bias space is surprisingly consistent  , and suggest that out-an longer  , variable period of time 32. On the negative end of the spectrum  , corresponding to international outlets  , we find words such as countries  , international  , relationship  , alliance and country names such as Iran  , China  , Pakistan  , and Afghanistan. We do not describe the mechanism of such automation due to the scope and the space limitation of this paper. the mapping from the stereotyped association to ModelElements that can reify the association can be defined formally with OCL 23 and thus allow automatically checking whether a given UML model is an instance of a given pattern. The proliferation of generated components is the main limitation of the naive method-to-component mapping. The component taxonomy can come to the rescue here-if we use it to produce a convenient number of reasonably efficient generic components that is  , a suitably parameterized component for judiciously chosen points in the space. The results 812 were encouraging but mixed and revealed some shortcomings of the AspectJ design with respect to its usability in this context. To ease the design and evolution of integrated systems  , mapping of the mediator approach into the design space of AspectJ 1 was attempted. Notice that it is possible for two distinct search keys to be mapped to the same point in the k-dimensional space under this mapping. We shall refer to the resultant multi-dimensional index structure as the bitstring-augmented multi-dimensional index. Schema mappings are inserted at the key space corresponding to the source schema at the overlay layer – or at the key spaces corresponding to both schemas if the mapping is bidirectional: U pdateSchema M apping ≡ U pdateSource Schema Key  , Schema M apping. Queries are then reformulated by replacing the predicates with the definition of their equivalent or subsumed predicates view unfolding. They use minimal space  , providing that the size is known in advance or that growth is not a problem e.g. , that one can somehow use the underlying mapping hardware of virtual memory to make the array grow gracefully. Existing Index Structures Arrays are used as index structures in IBM's OBE project Amma85. By mapping one-dimensional intervals to a two-dimensional space  , we illustrate that the problem of indexing uncertainty with probabilities is significantly harder than interval indexing  , which is considered a well-studied problem. We then change our focus to study the theoretical complexity of indexing uncertainty  , and argue that there is no formerly known optimal solution that is applicable to this problem. In the information visualization field  , mapping of data variables on the display space is often performed by means of visual attributes like color  , transparency  , object size  , or object position. A solution for visualizing icon-based cluster content summaries combined with graph layouts can be found in 8 from the information visualization research field. The local internal schema consists of a logical schema  , storage schema  , level schema. The physical schema describes the mapping of data to the memory stora e space managed by the operating system The hlg 3 level schema is a description of an application data view and it describes the next local conceptual schema in detail. The error involved in such an assignment will increase as the difference in effective table sizes between the new query and the leader increases. It is only if the cluster's space is covered by more than one plan  , that there will be an error in prediction because all the queries mapping to this cluster will be assigned the plan associated with the query leader. Within these triangles  , users were asked to compare the three systems by plotting a point closest to the best performing system  , and furthest from the worst. Space does not permit a detailed description of the experiment  , but Figure 6provides a summary by mapping out participants' responses to two questions: which system made tasks easiest to complete  , and which system they preferred overall. Similar in spirit  , PSI first chooses a low dimensional feature representation space for query and image  , and then a polynomial model is discriminatively learned for mapping the query-image pair to a relevance score. Polynomial Semantic Indexing 232 PSI. For example  , the question string " Where is the Hudson River located ? " In order to generate queries providing high precision coverage of the answer space for a given question  , custom rules were developed providing a mapping from a given question type to a set of paraphrasing patterns which would generate alternative queries. That mapping is probably the most direct  , but it leaves a number of Figure 8: Grah representation for a tetrahedral truss structure with 102 struts shown in Figure 1 empty cells. However  , the large number of cells necessary for precise mapping results in time-consuming grid update procedures. In certainty grids space is represented by a grid with each cell holding a value corresponding to the probability that an obstacle is located in that region. The master workspace was transformed into a cylindrical shaped space to assist the operator in maintaining smooth motion along a curved surface. The method of variable mapping of master t o slave motion was successfully applied to manipulation assistance in a cylindrical environment. Finally  , we introduce two applications of ILM that bring out its potential: first  , Diffusion Mapping is an approach where a highly redundant team of simple robots is used to map out a previously unknown environment  , simply by virtue of recording the localization and line-of-sight traces  , which provide a detailed picture of the navigable space. in the solution. This trajectory  , moreover  , is generate in advance. In case of the NEC PC-9821Bp 486DX2-66MHz  , the mapping of the obstacles and the possible motion area from the workspace to the posture space totally takes about 20 minutes  , however  , the generation of the obstacle avoidance trajectory only takes 0.36 seconds. However  , our experience with doing this using an optimal control approach is that the computational cost of adding many obstacles can be significant. The RRC manipulator used in this task is equipped with a Multibus-based servo control unit located in a separate cabinet. This extender allows a high-speed bidirectional shared memory interface between the two buses by mapping the memory locations used by the Multibus directly into the memory space of the PC. Since there is no natural mapping of documents to vectors in this setting  , the procedure for posts is similar. To create the topic vectors in this word-centric vector space  , we compute a weighted sum of words from the previously computed sensitive topic distributions . However  , most existing research on semantic hashing is only based on content similarity computed in the original keyword feature space. Most importantly  , the manipulability definitions are independent of the choice of parametrization for these two spaces  , as well as the kinematic mapping. For example  , the actuator characteristics are reflected in the choice of a Riemannian metric for the joint and tool frame configuration space manifolds  , or one can even include inertial parameters in the Riemannian metric to obtain a formulation for dynamic manipulablilit-y. Due to the geometrical structure of the state space and the nature of the Jacobian mapping between joint velocities and rates of change of a behavioral variable see eq. The forcelet erected over the control variables for each behavioral goal accelerates the joint angles in a direction that changes the behavioral variable in the desired way. Having a single groundstation supporting multiple low-cost MAVs while building a single globally consistent map may be a trivial solution to creating a centralized multi-robot system. Tightening the bounds in the same figure by more frequent archiving will lead to a large improvement in our model. Higher primates  , including humans  , exhibit a space-variant pattern in which the highest resolution is concentrated in the center of the field of view  , called the fovea  , with uniformly decreasing resolution to the periphery of the field of view. On the other hand  , the inverse kinematic method has symbolic solutions only in types of manipulator kinematics 7. However  , this method -be it symbolic or numerical -is attractive because of the direct mapping from the workspace to joint space  , fixing most of the aforementioned problems of the resolved motion method. The outer radius rout is defined by the smallest circumscribed sphere with the reference point of the robot as its center. On-line control command is calculated mapped from the learned lookup table with the on-line sampled new sensor signals. Summarizing  , in this paper we present a framework for solving efficiently the k-anonymity and -diversity problems  , by mapping the multi-dimensional quasi-identifiers to 1-D space. 21 are worse in terms of information loss and they are considerably slower. In the context of a search engine  , inverted index compression encoding is usually infrequent compared to decompression decoding   , which must be performed for every uncached query. Although we have to store a mapping table for fast block locating  , the extra space occupied by it is much smaller than that used by the inverted index itself. During the mapping of FMSVs  , the most effective heuristic feature sets are selected to ensure reasonable prediction accuracy. 3 and to map text information into DVs for social information related music dimensions 13  , a supervised learning based scheme  , called CompositeMap  , is developed to generate a new feature space. In order to establish a representation of the environment configuration  , we transformed the calculated depth to a safety distribution histogram. By a random exploration which is limited  , according to the low mobility  , the system will associate perceptive sktes and sequences of action that pennit to reach its goal particular context. This is another issue that has seen a great deal of exploratory research  , including studies of offices and real desks 6. In our system  , tags provide an additional basis for mapping the document space  , reflecting our focus on the organization of a local workspace. For example  , pattern matching classes that encode multi- DoF motions 22 or force functions for each joint 9; or direct control within a reduced dimensionality space 14. Recent academic work within the field of simultaneous control thus has emphasized alternative mapping paradigms. For example  , a mapping in the coordinate space of a dictionary which contains two identical elements would result in two identical coefficients  , each corresponding to the contribution of one of the identical dictionary elements. In the current work we adopt a centroid-based representation  , where every dimension v i ,j corresponds to the distance between the contour point s i ,j and the contour's mass center. However  , our study shows that fractal dimensions have promising properties and we believe that these dimensions are important as such. This means that the methods in this paper do not provide a mapping to a lower-dimensional space  , and hence traditional applications  , such as feature reduction  , are not directly possible. They also use a query-pruning technique  , based on word frequencies  , to speed up query execution. Iceberg queries 7 uments and their associated term frequencies in relational tables  , as well as for mapping boolean and vector-space queries into standard SQL queries. For example  , outlets on the conservative side of the latent ideological spectrum are more likely to select Obama's quotes that contain more negations and negative sentiment  , portraying an overly negative character. By mapping the quotes onto the same latent space  , our method also reveals how the systematic patterns of the media operate at a linguistic level. The constraints associated with these exposures and the user-provided mapping are passed through a constraint specializer  , which re-casts the constraints in terms of the types in our pattern catalog. Space uses symbolic execution to extract the set of data exposures 25 from the source code of a Ruby on Rails application. Then  , Space uses the Alloy Analyzer to perform automatic bounded verification that each data exposure allowed by the application is also allowed by our catalog. Given the correct user-provided mapping  , the patterns applied by Space were always at least as restrictive We examined the code of the applications in our experiment for precisely this situation—security policies intended based on evidence in the code itself to be more restrictive than the corresponding patterns in our catalog—and found none. Q4 no results presented due to lack of space features the 'BEFORE' predicate which may be expensive to evaluate. We remark that System C also uses a data mapping in the spirit of 23  that results in comparatively simple and efficient execution plans and thus outperforms all other systems for Q2 and Q3. This makes it very difficult for GA to identify the correct mapping for an item. This happens because the space of possible one-to-n mappings is huge and it is possible to find many candidate mappings having similar i.e. , slightly lower fitness value. Figure 2shows a simple example of query reformulation. Thus  , LSH can be employed to group highly similar blocks in buckets  , so that it suffices it compare blocks contained in the same bucket. In our case  , blocks are the items that are represented in the high-dimensional space of E or E 1 and E 2  through Block Mapping. To avoid epoch numbers from growing without bound and consuming extra space  , we plan to " reclaim " epochs that are no longer needed. To allow users to refer to a particular realworld time when their query should start  , we maintain a table mapping epoch numbers to times  , and start the query as of the epoch nearest to the user-specified time. To handle this sort of problem  , space-filling curves as Z-order or Hilbert curves  , for instance  , have been successfully engaged for multi-dimensional indexing in recent years 24 . Based on the findings from our evaluations  , we propose a hybrid approach that benefits from the strength of the graph-based approach in visualising the search space  , while attempting to balance the time and effort required during query formulation using a NL input feature. Their methodology is based on mapping the underlying domain ontologies into views  , which facilitates view-based search. This system may be implemented in SMART using the set of modules shown in figure 4. If the joint torque signal provides a poor measure of the tool contact forces  , then a force sensor may be used in conjunction with the master  , but the forces from the sensor must be brought into joint space by mapping through the manipulator Jacobian. 2  , this direction changes during movement  , even in the absence of other perturbations. Therefore  , we can control the closed-chain system with the same control structure in Equation This immediately provides an important result; the dynamically consistent null space mapping matrix for the closed-chain system is the same as the one for the open-chain system   , N in Equation 9. The time savings would be crucial in real-world applications when the category space is much larger and a real-time response of category ranking is required . The actual mapping time was reduced from 2.2 CPU seconds per document to 0.40 seconds. But since only partial term-document mapping is preserved  , a loss in retrieval performance is inevitable. This technique was proposed to mitigate the efficiency issue caused by operating a large index  , for that a smaller index loads faster  , occupies less disk space  , and has better query throughput. The expected disc space consumption for a buffered hashing organization BHash for WORM optical d.iscs is analyzed in 191. The " new " records will be merged with the old logically undeleted ones already bon the optical disc and written together on new tracks; the mapping table will also be updated to reflect the changes. Based on that  , a bridging mapping is learned to seamlessly connect these individual hamming spaces for cross-modal hashing . In this paper  , we propose a novel technique by learning distinct hamming space so as to well preserve the flexible and discriminative local structure of each modality. In addition  , superposition events come with a flexible way in quantifying how much evidence the observation of dependency κ brings to its component terms. The proposed mapping allows for the representation of relationships within a group of terms by creating a new quantum event in the same n-dimensional space. The order of this list was fixed to give a one-to-one mapping of distinct terms and dimensions of the vector space. Given the entire collection of shots  , we obtained a list of all of the distinct terms that appear in the ASR for the collection. Secondly  , transaction language constructs should be functions in the logic such that transactions can be represented as expressions mapping states to states that can be composed to form new transactions . The set of states should characterize the space of database evolution. This section contains the results of running several variations of the traversal portion of the 001 benchmark using the small benchmark database of 20 ,000 objects. Given our understanding of how OS works  , we believe this is partially due to the overhead of mapping data into the client's address space. Motivated by financial and statistical applications e.g. However  , ranks and orders are not intrinsic to the the basic relational model. Another strength of our approach is that it is a relatively simple and efficient way of incorporating time into statistical relational models. However  , the TVRC framework is flexible enough that it can be used with other statistical relational models e.g. , 10  , 22  , 24 as long as the models can be modified to deal with weighted instances. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more work Koller  , personal communication. Relational autocorrelation  , a statistical dependency among values of the same variable on related en- tities 7  , is a nearly ubiquitous phenomenon in relational datasets. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. The presence of autocorrelation provides a strong motivation for using relational techniques for learning and inference . In this paper  , we proposed three classification models accounting for non-stationary autocorrelation in relational data. In addition  , the shrinkage approach could easily be incorporated into other statistical relational models that use global autocorrelation and collective inference. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused primarily on static snapshots of relational datasets even though most relational domains have temporal dynamics that are important to model. This paper presents a new approach to modeling relational data with time-varying link structure. Although there has been some work modeling domains with time-varying attributes  , to our knowledge this is the first model that exploits information in dynamic relationships between entities to improve prediction. We provided empirical evalution on two real-world relational datasets  , but the models we propose can be used for classification tasks in any relational domain due to their simplicity and generality. The ability to represent  , and reason with  , arbitrary cyclic dependencies is another important characteristic of relational models. Promising research directions include: 1 using patterns e.g. , communities in relational data to split train/test data e.g. , stratified by community  , or biased by community; 2 investigating non-random labeling patterns and their impact on error correlation for different collective inference methods ; and 3 investigating how characteristics of relational data affect the power of statistical tests i.e. , Type II error. NCV combined with paired t-tests produces more acceptable levels of Type I error while still providing reasonable levels of statistical power. Access rights may be granted and revoked on views just as though they were ordinary tables. The relational operations join  , restrict and project as well as statistical summaries of tables may be used to define a view. These sizes are then used to determine the CPU  , IO and communication requirements of relational operations such as joins. Conventional models such as System R SAC+79 use statistical models to estimate the sizes of the intermediate results. However  , this work has focused primarily on modeling static relational data. This work has demonstrated that incorporating the characteristics of related instances into statistical models improves the accuracy of attribute predictions. This explanation applies to continuous and discrete variables and essentially any test of conditional independence. We have used the framework of d-separation to provide the first formal explanation for two previously observed classes of statistical dependencies in relational data. The goal of this work is to improve attribute prediction in dynamic domains by incorporating the influence of timevarying links into statistical relational models. There have been some recent efforts to model temporally-varying links to improve automatic discovery of relational communities or groups 4  , 15 but this work has not attempted to exploit the temporal link information in a classification context . Indeed  , the results we report for LGMs using only the class labels and the link information achieve nearly the same level of performance reported by relational models in the recent literature. This allows the model to consider a wider range of dependencies to reduce bias while limiting potential increases in variance and promises to unleash the full power of statistical relational models. In a relational DBMS  , a view is defined as a " virtual table " derived by a specific query on one or more base tables . This paper presents the Kylin Ontology Generator KOG  , an autonomous system that builds a rich ontology by combining Wikipedia infoboxes with WordNet using statistical-relational learning. KOG also maps attributes between related classes  , allowing property inheritance. One motivation for modeling time-varying links is the identification of influential relationships in the data. This information is necessary to derive accurate relational statistics that are needed by the relational optimizer to accurately estimate the cost of the query workload. The first task in the system is to extract statistical information about the values and structure from the given XML document  , and this is done by the StatiX module. This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. CONCLUSION Some aspects of a theory of probabilistic databases  , applicable alao to relational data  , have been outlined. In this work  , we propose the Time Varying Relational Classifier TVRC framework—a novel approach to incorporating temporal dependencies into statistical relational models. Thus  , the topics of recent references are likely to be better indicators than the topics of references that were published farther in the past. Researchers always use tables to concisely display their latest experimental results or statistical data. Tables present structural data and relational information in a two-dimensional format and in a condensed fashion. Autocorrelation is a statistical dependence between the values of the same variable on related entities  , which is a nearly ubiquitous characteristic of relational datasets. More formally  , autocorrelation is defined with respect to a set of related instance pairs Whereas in the CONTROL condition 20% of the adjectives chosen belonged to the machine category  , 20% to the humanized one and 60% to the relational one. Regarding the multiple adjective choice  , even if not supported by statistical significance  , we observe that children in the OAT condition chose no machine category adjectives  , 30% of the chosen adjectives belonged to the humanized category and 70% to the relational one. Instead of storing the data in a relational database  , we have proposed to collect Statistical Linked Data reusing the RDF Data Cube Vocabulary QB and to transform OLAP into SPARQL queries 14. The predominant way in industry is ROLAP since 1 it can be deployed on any of the widely-used relational databases  , 2 industry-relevant data such as from accounting and customer relationship management often resemble star schemas 17 and 3 research has focused on optimising ROLAP approaches 15. We chose statistical data  , because 1 there is clear need to integrate the data and 2 although the data sets are covering semantically similar topics  , standardization usually does not cover the object properties  , only the code lists themselves  , if at all. While our use case has been motivated by statistical data  , a lot of Linked Data sources share this data model structure  , since many of them are derived from relational databases. Each infobox template is treated as a class  , and the slots of the template are considered as attributes/slots. They are  , however  , at a disadvantage in interactivity  , graphical presentation and popularity of the computational language. On the other hand  , there are existing computational engines without scalability or fragmentation problems and with a well-defined computational algebra  , for example  , OLAP 7  , 8  , Statistical 12 and Relational engines. The difference between the two proportions is strongly statistically significant  2 =20.09 with probability 1%  , two-tailed p=0.0001. Recent research has demonstrated the utility of modeling relational information for domains such as web analyt- ics 5  , marketing 8 and fraud detection 19. For example  , hyperlinked web pages are more likely to share the same topic than randomly selected pages 23  , and movies made by the same studio are more likely to have similar box-office returns than randomly selected movies 6. IE can only be employed if sensory information is available that is relevant to a relation  , deductive reasoning can only derive a small subset of all statements that are true in a domain and relational machine learning is only applicable if the data contains relevant statistical structure. Powerful methods have been developed for all three approaches and all have their respective strengths and shortcomings. Although there are probably a number of heuristic ways to combine sensory information and the knowledge base with machine learning  , it is not straightforward to come up with consistent probabilistic models. Relational machine learning attempts to capture exactly these statistical dependencies between statements and in the following we will present an approach that is suitable to also integrate sensory information and a knowledge base. In this paper  , we intend to give an empirical argument in favor of creating a specialised OLAP engine for analytical queries on Statistical Linked Data. We expect that  , similar to general-purpose relational databases  , a " one size fits all " 17 triple store will not scale for analytical queries. Recent work has only just begun to incorporate temporal information into statistical relational models. For example  , a sensor may be recording the position of an object moving through a building and this may inform predictions about the properties of the object. Some initial work has focused on transforming temporal-varying links and objects into static aggregated features 19 and other work has focused on modeling the temporal dynamics of time-varying attributes in static link structures 13. Our initial investigation has shown that modeling the interaction among links and attributes will likely improve model generalization and interpretability. To date  , work on statistical relational models has focused on models of attributes conditioned on the link structure e.g. , 23  , or on models of link structure conditioned on the attributes e.g. , 11 . Positing the existence of groups decouples the search space into a set of biased abstractions and could be considered a form of predicate invention 22. The structure of the SQL Model is: <existing parts of a query block> MODEL PBY cols DBY cols MEA cols <options>  <formula>  , <formula> ,. , <formula>  On the other hand  , DataScope is flexible to browse various relational database contents based on different schemas and ad-hoc ranking functions. Although a few database visualization tools can support certain data exploration  , they are tailored to particular domains e.g. , spatial-temporal data  , predefined schemas  , or fixed visual representation e.g. , statistical charts. Yet  , there is little work on evaluating and optimising analytical queries on RDF data 4 ,5 . Thii attribute enables DBLEARN to output such statistical statements as 8% of all students majoring in Sociology are Asians. As described in q  , each tuple has a system-defined attribute called count which keeps track of the number of original tuples as stored in the relational database that are represented by the current generalized tuple. Two areas for further investigation are: the use of probabilistic dependencies as constrainta  , and the way in which they interact; and the concept of the degree to This theory b part of a unitled approach to data modelling that integrates relational database theory  , system theory  , and multivariate statistical modelling tech- niques. For these experiments  , we have used the standard parameters for both matchers  , in order to keep it clearer. In this paper we have combined information extraction  , deductive reasoning and relational machine learning to integrate all sources of available information in a modular way. In general  , the approach is most effective when the information supplied via IE is complementary to the information supplied by statistical patterns in the structured data and if reasoning can add relevant covariate information. For example  , pairs of brokers working at the same branch are more likely to share the same fraud status than randomly selected pairs of brokers. The language of non-recursive first-order logic formulas has a direct mapping to SQL and relational algebra  , which can be used as well for the purposes of our discussion  , e.g. We use statistical information criteria during the search to dynamically determine which features are to be included into the model. Disjoint learning ignores the unlabeled instances in the graph during learning see Figure 1b This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. The Comet methodology is inspired by previous work in which statistical learning methods are used to develop cost models of complex user-defined functions UDFs—see 13  , 15—and of remote autonomous database systems in the multidatabase setting 19  , 26. Our ideas  , insights  , and experiences are useful for other complex operators and queries  , both XML and relational. Topic model performance is often measured by perplexity of test data as a function of statistical word frequencies  , ignoring word order. We use the current 3.2 million Wikipedia titles as our knowledge base to perform lexical parsing on all of the titles  , extracting relational argument structure to explore its potential use on topic modeling. We used as our backend retrieval system the IBM DB2 Net Search Extender  , which allows convenient combination of relational and fulltext queries. For the second run  , this score was combined with that of a statistical model that was trained to distinguish documents that are referred to by GeneRIFs from those that are not. Such probabilistic dependencies cannot easily be captured in logical expressions and typically are also not documented in textual or other sensory form. We also propose a way to estimate the result sizes of SPARQL queries with only very few statistical information. In this paper  , we show that existing techniques from relational systems  , such as query rewriting and cost based optimization for join ordering can be adopted to federated SPARQL. In FJS97   , a statistical approach is used for reconstructing base lineage data from summary data in the presence of certain constraints . In CWW00  , DB2  , Sto75Figure 2: Source data set for Order erating lineage tracing procedures automatically for various classes of relational and multidimensional views  , but none of these approaches can handle warehouse data created through general transformations. In addition  , we will cast the model in a more principled graphical model framework  , formulating it as a latent variable model where the summary " influence " weights between pairs of nodes are hidden variables that change over time and affect the statistical dependencies between attribute values of incident nodes. This is because collective inference methods are better able to exploit relational autocorrelation  , which refers to a statistical dependency between the values of the same variable on related instances in the graph. Collective inference models have recently been shown to produce more accurate predictions than disjoint inference models 7  , 11. The characteristics of such domains form a good match with our method: i links between documents suggest relational representation and ask for techniques being able to navigate such structures; " flat " file domain representation is inadequate in such domains; ii the noise in available data sources suggests statistical rather than deterministic approaches  , and iii often extreme sparsity in such domains requires a focused feature generation and their careful selection with a discriminative model  , which allows modeling of complex  , possibly deep  , but local regularities rather than attempting to build a full probabilistic model of the entire domain. Linked document collections  , such as the Web  , patent databases or scientific publications are inherently relational   , noisy and sparse. To address the shortcomings of this conventional approach   , we described in this paper statistics on views in Microsoft SQL Server  , which provide the optimizer with statistical information on the result of scalar or relational expressions. Depending on the data set and the makeup of the query  , " bad plans " can be triggered by changes as simple as creating a new index or adding a few rows to a table. Even if privacy and confidentiality are in place  , to be practical  , outsourced data services should allow sufficiently expressive client queries e.g. , relational operators such as JOINs with arbitrary predicates without compromising confidentiality. This is important because today's outsourced data services are fundamentally insecure and vulnerable to illicit behavior  , because they do not handle all three dimensions consistently and there exists a strong relationship between such assurances: e.g. , the lack of access pattern privacy usually allows for statistical attacks compromising data confidentiality . In this tutorial  , we will explore the challenges of designing and implementing robust  , efficient  , and scalable relational data outsourcing mechanisms  , with strong security assurances of correctness  , confidentiality  , and data access privacy. Therefore  , we can conclude that attribute partitioning is important to a SDS. Attribute partitioning HAMM79 is another term for a transposed file scheme within a relational database  , As stated in BORA62  , such schemes are useful in statistical database systems because although the relations often contain many attributes  , usually only a few are referenced in any one query  , Additionally  , attribute partitioning is useful in compression schemes that depend on physical adjacency of identical values EGGEBO  , EGGEBl  , TURN79. To support the integration of traditional Semantic Web techniques and machine learning-based  , statistical inferencing  , we developed an approach to create and work with data mining models in SPARQL. Moreover  , we think that the fact that companies such as Microsoft and Oracle have recently added data mining extensions to their relational database management systems underscores their importance  , and calls for a similar solution for RDF stores and SPARQL respectively. The goal of this paper is to combine the strengths of all three approaches modularly  , in the sense that each step can be optimized independently. Contributions of this paper are centered around four analytical query approaches listed in the following – We compare the performance of traditional relational approaches RDBMS / ROLAP and of using a triple store and an RDF representation closely resembling the tabular structure OLAP4LD-SSB. Our future work will include an extension to the the temporal summarization scheme to model temporally varying attributes and an investigation of alternative kernels and relational models. If there is a significant influence effect then we expect the attribute values in t + 1 will depend on the link structure in t. On the other hand  , if there is a significant homophily effect then we expect the link structure in t + 1 will depend on the attributes in t. If either influence or homophily effects are present in the data  , the data will exhibit relational autocorrelation at any given time step t. Relational autocorrelation refers to a statistical dependency between values of the same variable on related objects—it involves a set of related instance pairs  , a variable X defined on the nodes in the pairs  , and it corresponds to the correlation between the values of X on pairs of related instances. Figure 1illustrates influence and homophily dependencies. Thus in a file where the records have several fields each  , all the first fields are stored together  , then all the second  , and so on.