On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. where u  , i denote pairs of citing-cited papers with non-zero entries in C. In experiments  , we used stochastic gradient descent to minimize Eq. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. Let a and b be two vectors of n elements. An autoencoder can also have hidden layer whose size is greater than the size of input layer. In each case  , we formed title+description queries in the same manner as for the automatic monolingual run. We therefore experimented with word clusters that are induced from embedded word vectors. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. In order to get comparable classes of users  , we need to know what measurable traits of users are highly predictive of searching effectiveness. Moreover  , applying MCMC to our proposal distribution significantly improves the SLAM performance. This results in the following regularized hinge-loss objective: There are many different schemes for choosing Δλ. We have presented a predictive model of the Web based on a probabilistic decomposition  , along with a statistical model fitting procedure. We used the reference linking API to analyze D-Lib articles. 0 Motion prediction. This type of detection likelihood has the form of  , A commonly used sensor model in literature is the range model  , where the detection likelihood is a function of the distance between sensor and target positions 7  , 13. We have found that for our data set JCBB 21  , where the likelihood function is based on the Mahalanobis distance and number of associations is sufficient  , however other likelihood models could be used. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. It can be seen that the product data provided across the different sources vary significantly. An end-user application resembling Twitter's current search interface might apply a threshold on the tweet retrieval score and only show tweets above some threshold in chronological order. We combine two retrieval strategies that work at two different To compute the inter-document similarities we build a vector space DocSpace where similar documents are represented by close vectors by means of the Semantic Vectors package 13. For the embedding of comments we exploit the distributed memory model since it usually performs well for most tasks 8. We generate plans that minimize worst-case length by breadth-first AND/OR search Akella  11. During our previous experiments 13  , a bidirectional breadth first search proved to be the most efficient method in practice for finding all simple paths up to certain hop limit. The combined likelihood function for pixel v  , pv  , is simply the product of the three individual likelihood functions. The experimental setup is shown in Fig. Our suggested probabilistic methods are also able to retrieve per-feature opinions for a query product. 3d. The geometric mean does not change dramatically  , because most queries do not touch more data on a larger dataset. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. This heuristic only searches over the 2D grid map of the base layer with obstacles inflated by the base inner circle. Our aspect model combines both collaborative and content information in model fitting. Downhill Simplex method approximates the size of the region that can be reached at temperature T  , and it samples new points. The pictograms listed here are the relevant pictogram set of the given word; 3 QUERY MATCH RATIO > 0.5 lists all pictograms having the query as interpretation word with ratio greater than 0.5; 4 SR WITHOUT CATEGORY uses not-categorized interpretations to calculate the semantic relevance value; 5 SR WITH CATEGORY & NOT- WEIGHTED uses categorized interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram; 6 SR WITH CATEGORY & WEIGHTED uses categorized and weighted interpretations to calculate five semantic relevance values for each pictogram. In general  , the need for rank-aware query optimization and possible approaches to supporting it is discussed in 25. , BK89  , CCY94  , KM92. Fourth  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets so that its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method e.g. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. Based on the observation that the CLIR performance heavily relies on the quality of the suggested queries  , this benchmark measures the quality of CLQS in terms of its effectiveness in helping CLIR. To derive our probabilistic retrieval model  , we first propose a basic query formulation model. In this paper  , we utilize PLSA for discovering and matching web services. where η is the probability weight that a word wi in C t is generated from the general background model. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. We compare the topical communities identified by PLSA and NetPLSA. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. The generated data is created as a set of named graphs 11. However  , because we are exploiting highly relevant documents returned by a search engine  , we observe that even our unsupervised scoring function produces high quality results as shown in Section 5. The second approach is to launch G-Portal viewer with a specified context by embedding a link to the context in some document  , e.g. This corresponds to the user inspection of the retrieved documents. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. The null hypothesis states that the observed times were drawn from the same distribution  , which means that there is no context bias effect. According to Dijkstra  , at any given time an object has one of three colors. The impact of disambiguation for CLIR is debatable. Figure 2billustrates the highest and second highest bid in the test set  , items that we did not observe when fitting the model. We use different state-of-the-art keyword-based probabilistic retrieval models such as the sequential dependence model  , a query likelihood model  , and relevance model query expansion . The KS-distance as defined below where a is a learning factor  , P is a discounted factor  ,  teed to obtain an optimal policy  , Q-learning needs numerous trials to learn it and is known as slow learning rate for obtaining Q-values. Retrieval results show that their impact on CLIR is very small. Notice that the normalization factor that appears in Eq. BMEcat2GoodRelations is a portable command line Python application to facilitate the conversion of BMEcat XML files into their corresponding RDF representation anchored in the GoodRelations ontology for e-commerce. Under the bag-of-words assumption  , the generative probability of word w in document d is obtained through a softmax function over the vocabulary: It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. For the second approach  , we applied the softmax action selection rules. Alternatively   , a search engine might choose to display the top-scoring tweets in rank order regardless of time. This seemed to help users produce better and more successful sketches. After estimating model parameters   , we have to determine the best fitting model from a set of candidate models. 5illustrates the impact of the variable k. It measures model change as the difference between the current model parameters and the parameters trained with expanded training set. Next  , we present the details of the proposed model GPU-DMM. In summary  , several conclusions can be drawn from the experi- ments. We regularize the features to be smaller than 1 by dividing the sum of all the selected features. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. The likelihood function does not hit the dark shaded fields  4  , 3  and  4  , 4 . Therefore  , in TempCorr terms are ranked based on the level of correlation to the target time-series. In the course of Q-learning  , a utility function of action-state pairs  , Q  , will be gradually obtained that indicates which action in some state will lead to a better state in order to receive rewards in the future. 11. 3. From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Next  , we used Alchemy 2 to generatively learn the weights of our base MLN using the evidence data. Hence  , in certain cases  , the coverage detection capability of our method is more powerful than that of the traditional materialized view method. In these experiments  , this step is carried out manually. The most common representation of feature models is through FODA-style feature diagrams 3  , 4  , 5 . Generative model. Thus  , LRSRI can achieve desirable imputation effects in this general case. For this baseline  , we first use the set of entities associated with a given question for linking of candidate properties exactly the same way as we perform grounding of cross-lingual SRL graph clusters Sect. The PM3 Modula-3 compiler was also invoked with a flag that disables runtime checks on indexing arrays out of bounds and to catch certain type errors  , so as to give a fairer comparison with C++. BMEcat. Annotations made in the reader are automatically stored in the same Up- Lib repository that stores the image and text projections. Therefore  , the likelihood function takes on the values zero and -~-only. They did not diversify the ranking of blog posts. Finally  , Section 5 concludes the paper. Since IMRank is guaranteed to converge to a self-consistent ranking from any initial ranking  , it is necessary to extend the discussion to its dependence on the initial ranking: does an arbitrary initial ranking results in a unique convergence ? There are only two parameters to tune in random forests: T   , the number of trees to grow  , and m  , the number of features to consider when splitting each node. NL interfaces are attractive for their ease-of-use  , and definetely have a role to play  , but they suffer from a weak adequacy: habitability spontaneous NL expressions often have no FL counterpart or are ambiguous  , expressivity only a small FL fragment is covered in general. Here thrift-lib-w2-5t  , for example  , stands for the test case with 2 worker threads and 5 tasks per worker. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. We employ the relative influence spread  , i.e. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. The transfer function is assumed as the diagonal matrix  , so that the Phase deg Frequency Hz x-output y-output z-output Figs.5shows the resulted Bode diagram. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . For each language pair  , two different kinds of semantic indexing were used. First one  , we transform the data into Frequency domain utilizing the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , obtain the derivative using the Fourier spectral method  , and perform inverse FFT to find the derivative in real time domain. A large η tends to make the interest-related language model more discriminative because more general words are generated from the background model. A brief introduction to word embedding. With the empirical results we conclude:  With different initial rankings  , IMRank could converge to different self-consistent rankings. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. Some other approaches for directly optimizing IR measures use Genetic Programming 1  , 49 or approximate the IR measures with the functions that are easy-to-handle 44  , 12. The decoder operates on the encoded representation with two layers of LSTMs. For instance  , if the user stems from London  , reads " The Times " and is a passionate folk-dancer  , this might make the alternative segmentation times " square dance " preferable. With L = W   , we can have: In the experiment  , evaluators assessed Queriability and Informativeness manually with the source files of data sets. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Learning scheme. However  , there are several aspects where they deviate from our proposal as presented in the sections above  , most notably: a their scope focuses on closed corporate environments which may involve proprietary applications or standards rather than open technologies at the scale of an open Web of Data; and b being aimed at generic PIM and MDM systems  , their level of abstraction is very broad  , introducing additional degrees of separation with respect to the applicability to the problem scenario targeted by the BMEcat2GoodRelations converter tool. These methods have become very popular in recent years by combining good scalability with predictive accuracy. Users were asked in the post-task questionnaire which summary made the users want to know more about the underlying document . These metrics are instantiated using Word Embedding models from Wikipedia 4 and Twitter  , pre-trained using the GloV e 12 tool. To remain in the scope of the use cases discussed  , the examples are chosen from the BSH BMEcat products catalog  , within the German e-commerce marketplace. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Dropout technique is utilized in all the experiments in the hidden layer of the sparse autoencoder and the probability of omitting each neural unit is set as 0.5. At the minimum  , we hope that the OAI will create a framework for serious investigation of these issues and lay the 13 http://cinzica.iei.pi.cnr.it/cyclades/  , 14 http://www.clir.org/diglib/architectures/testbed.htm. The first Col/Lib and second Loc columns give information about the name of the collection and their location. The currency results from Geographical Pricing. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We exploit the supervision information on the labeled target language data set At to directly tune the target language SAE. This method is common because it gives a concise  , analytical estimate of the parameters based on the data. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. , denotes the set of common items rated by both and . If no such context information is at hand  , there is still another option: the search engine may present the results of the best scoring segmentation to the user and offer the second best segmentation in a " Did you mean " manner. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. λU   , λI are the regularization parameters. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. In our initial implementation we built a cross-lingual library of relation expressions from English and Spanish Wikipedia articles containing 25 ,000 SRL graphs with 2000 annotations to DBpedia entities. einstein relativ-ity theory "   , " tango music composers "   , " prima ballerina bolshoi theatre 1960 " ;  QALD-2: the Question Answering over Linked Data query set contains natural language questions of 4 different types: e.g. This significantly limits its application to many real-world image retrieval tasks 40  , 18  , where images are often analyzed by a variety of feature descriptors and are measured by a wide class of diverse similarity functions. We prove that IMRank  , starting from any initial ranking   , definitely converges to a self-consistent ranking in a finite number of steps. Therefore  , in order to construct the model based pressure distribution image  , it is much easier to use the hollow model than the solid model. Also  , the greater their number  , the higher the relevance. With the explosion of on-line non-English documents  , crosslanguage information retrieval CLIR systems have become increasingly important in recent years. The RNN with LSTM units consists of memory cells in order to store information for extended periods of time. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. , ,:"~ ,~ton ~v'" ""-. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. The unstructured queries mentioned in the next section will also refer to the use of a bag-of-words model. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. Because of the formulation  , Spearman rank correlation coefficients are unsuitable for comparisons between distributions with highly unequal scales  , such as the case for comparing classes set cardinality 2 and continuous features. The amount of pruning can be controlled by the user as a function of time allocated for query evaluation. We tested the differences in relevance for all methods using the paired T-test over subjects individual means  , and the tests indicated that the difference in relevance between each pair is significant p <0.05. We used pre-trained 500 dimensional word vectors 4 that put semantically related words close together in space. In the following  , we outline correspondences between elements of BMEcat and GoodRelations and propose a mapping between the BMEcat XML format and the GoodRelations vocabulary. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. We use a JAVA MCMC program to obtain samples from the joint posterior distribution described in Equation 1. We found that for the BSBM dataset/queries the average execution time stays approximately the same  , while the geometric mean slightly increases. To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. The probability of observing the central sentence s m ,t given the context sentences and the document is defined using the softmax function as given below. Therefore  , we have 0  , 1. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. The SemSets method 7 proposed for entity list search utilizes the relevance of entities to automatically constructed categories i.e. BMEcat allows to specify products using vendor-specific catalog groups and features  , or to refer to classification systems with externally defined categories and features. Negative experiences in using RaPiD7 exist  , too. This independence can be engineered to allow parallelization of independent components across multiple computers. Negations within questions and improved ranking will also be considered. When tuples are deleted from a view or a relation  , the effect must be propagated to all " higher-level " views defined on the view/relation undergoing the deletion. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. The results obtained using the remaining methods are presented in Table 2. As a downhill simplex method  , an initial guess of the intrinsic camera parameters is required for further calculation . As shown in Fig. In this section we further study the distribution of co-reference in Linked Data to set up an environment in which LHD-d is evaluated. Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques. Their method  , called Horizontal Decomposition HD  , decomposes programs hierarchically a la Dijkstra 11 using levels of abstraction and step-wise refinement. For sparse and high-dimensional binary dataset which are common over the web  , it is known that minhash is typically the preferred choice of hashing over random projection based hash functions 39. Second  , the project operations are posponed until the end of the query evaluation. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. The learning rate of Q-learning is slow at the beginning of learning. The error induced in the one-step transfer function for using a constant M is less than 2% with a significance of p = 0.955  , indicating low sensitivity to the choice of prior over a range of operating conditions. They tend to explicitly leverage highly-dynamic features like late binding of names  , meta-programming  , and " monkey patching "   , the ability to arbitrarily modify the program's AST. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. Notice that this takes O|V | 2 log|V | since the graph G is fully connected using a binary heap for the Dijkstra priority queue. For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. In addition to this ultra heterogeneous data  , we created a very large database of Random Walk data RW II  , since this is the most studied dataset for indexing comparisons 5  , 6  , 17  , 24  , 25  , 34 and is  , by contrast with the above  , a very homogeneous dataset. Although it works well in a single dataset 9  , it will fail when thousands of locally unbalanced distance metrics are fused together. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. The distribution is of the form Under the Clarke-Tax  , users are required to indicate their privacy preference  , along with their perceived importance of the expressed preference. Each dimension in the vector captures some anonymous aspect of underlying word meanings. This problem is equivalent to finding K that maximizes the probability of generating new data  , i.e. The deviance is a comparative statistic. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. The likelihood of the data increases with each iteration  , and the loop closure error decreases  , improving significantly from a baseline static M-estimator. The automatic generation of a 3D paint path has been attempted in the Smartpainter project. The one-dimensional Fast Fourier Transform is then applied to this array. The bypass technique fills the gap between the achievements of traditional query optimization and the theoretical potential   , In this technique  , specialized operators are employed that yield the tuples that fulfll the operator's predicate and the tuples that do not on two different  , disjoint output streams. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Figure 4 shows the relative English-French CLIR effectiveness as compared to the monolingual French baseline. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. We discretize the height map into a grid of 48 x 48  , for all 3 channels. The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. By contrast to 5  , which uses MCMC to obtain samples from the model posterior  , we utilize L-BFGS 18 to directly maximize the model log-probability. The CS does not support collection specific services  , i. e. all the users perceive the same services in their working space. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. An important condition for convergence is the learning rate. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. We can continue in this manner and get the initial state vector. We selected ten questions from WebQuestions and QALD and asked five graduate students to construct queries of the ten questions on both DBpedia and YAGO. For English-Chinese CLIR  , we accumulated search topics from TREC-5 and TREC-6  , which used the same Chinese document collection. However  , it suits best for documents that are not product-like in nature. The influence spread of top-k nodes seems always converges with smaller number of iterations than the convergence of the set of top-k nodes. We observe that our approach favors the current version i.e. Each of the 6 NASA TLX semantic differentials was compared across document size and document relevance level. , trajectories collected during these experiments or simulations . Table 4presents our experimental results  , as well as the four best methods according to their experiments   , i.e.  KLSH-Best: We test the retrieval performance of all kernels  , evaluate their mAP values on the training set  , and then select the best kernel with the highest mAP value. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. Each iteration of the stochastic gradient descent in PV-DBOW goes through each word exactly once  , so we use the document length 1/#d to ensure equal regularizations over long and short documents. As mentioned earlier  , since these URLs  , e.g. Mechanism design is a branch of game theory aiming at designing a game so that it can attain the designer's social objective after being played for a certain period or when it reaches an equilibrium state  , assuming all players are rational. We performed three official automatic CLIR runs and 29 post-hoc automatic CLIR runs. We have proposed the aspect model latent variable method for cold-start recommending. Table 5: Performances of the CLIR runs. A more effective method of handling natural question queries was developed recently by Lu et al. This vector is the mean direction of the prediction PDF  , The second likelihood function is an angular weighting  , where likelihood  , p a   , depends on a pixel's distance to the hand's direction vector. Performance of IMRank with Random initial ranking and Random ranking alone are averaged over 50 trials. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. This challenge can be addressed in various ways: i a scalable vector tuning and updating for new comments  , ii inferring low-dimentional vector for new comments using gradient descent using the parameters  , the word vectors and the softmax weights from the trained model  , and iii approximating the new vector by estimating the distance of the new comment to the previous comments using the words and their representations. Our own source code for fitting the two-way aspect model is available online 28. Most of the existing hashing approaches are uni-modal hashing. The Social Intelligence BenchMark SIB 11  is an RDF benchmark that introduces the S3G2 Scalable Structure-correlated Social Graph Generator for generating social graphs that contain certain structural correlations. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. We explore those questions by empirically simulating IMRank with five typical initial rankings as follows  , Empirical results on the HEPT dataset under the WIC model are reported in Figure 3  , to compare the performance of IMRank with different initial rankings  , as well as the performance of those rankings alone. Interpretations to a book vary much in different reviews  , just as Shakespeare said  , " There are a thousand Hamlets in a thousand people's eyes " . We experimented with BSBM 4 and SP2B 29 datasets  , varying the sizes of data. With our approach  , a single tool can nicely bring the wealth of data from established B2B environments to the Web of Data. We choose questions from two standard Q&A questions and answers test sets  , namely  , QALD and WebQuestions as query contexts and ask a group of users to construct queries complying with these questions and check the results with the answers in the test sets. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. The ranking loss performance of our methods Unstructured PLSA/Structured PLSA + Local Prediction/Global Prediction is almost always better than the baseline. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. The second author then revealed the actual changes and the black-box testing results. A large number of languages  , including Arabic  , Russian  , and most of the South and South East Asian languages  , are written using indigenous scripts. A survey can be found in 3. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. For more details of the evaluation framework please refer to 15 ,16. , in terms of purity and precision. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. a new path is added or the environment changes  , the precomputations would need to be re-run. Section 5 combines variational inference and stochastic gradient descent to present methods for large scale parallel inference for this probabilistic model. Specifically  , in this work we employ the SkipGram algo- rithm 25 which learns word embedding in an unsupervised way by optimizing the vector similarity of each word to context words in a small window around its occurrences in a large corpus. have been generated based on keyword and document semantic proximities 7. unsupervised or only a fraction i.e. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Probabilistic facts model extensional knowledge. Thus  , each profile can express specific and general user interests  , respectively. If you assume that the two samples are drawn from distributions with the same shape  , then it can be viewed as a comparison of the medians of the two samples. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. , the one that was downloaded by the target users the most  , thereby indicating that our VSR model effectively targets the version of an app that maximizes its chances of being acquired by the target user. SPL-programs for example are found in the libraries XSPL and SPL. The upper part lists the numbers for the product categorization standards  , whereas the lower three rows of the table represent the proprietary category systems . 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. The objectives now will be reduced to finding the controller Cs which minimizes the infinity norm of the transfer matrix from input yd to the output vector z or  , Find Cs to minimize IITydzll , In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. Multiple " indicates various resolutions used in the global methods. As the granularity approaches zero  , the regions returned by STING approach the result of DBSCAN. These models utilize the bilingual compositional vector model biCVM of 9 to train a retrieval system based on a bilingual autoencoder. We were able to improve Lucene's search quality as measured for TREC data by 1 adding phrase expansion and proximity scoring to the query  , 2 better choice of document length normalization  , and 3 normalizing tf values by document's average term frequency. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. However   , there are two difficulties in calculating stochastic gradient descents. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. In this section  , we will extend the above joint word-image embedding model to address our problem. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. This discrepancy with SemSearch ES illustrates the significance of bigram matches for named entity queries. If an injection succeeds  , it serves as an example of the IKM learning from experience and eventually producing a valid set of values. This method only requires function evaluations  , not derivatives. We utilize word vectors trained on large corpus to rephrase the sentence automatically. The linkage weighting model based on link frequency can substantially and stably improve the retrieval performances. Likewise to the previous studies 4  , 2  , 35  , we use the predictive perplexity 15 to evaluate the topic modeling accuracy. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. 5 Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: rerank retrieved questions by query likelihood model system 1 using submodular function Eqn.13. The third component is identification of documents for human relevance assessment. The default resolution of symbols is to routines in the library itself. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. Typically  , the teams being unsuccessful in applying RaPiD7 have not received any training on RaPiD7  , and therefore the method has not been applied systematically enough. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. the Shannon entropy 15  , 16. BPTT is to iteratively repeat the calculation of derivations of J with respect to different parameters and obtain these gradients of all the parameters in the end. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. p~ ~  ,. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. With the running time dramatically reduced  , IMRank1 still achieves better influence spread which is about 5.5% and 4.5% higher than that of IRIE and PMIA respectively. To optimize the objective function of the Rank-GeoFM  , we use the stochastic gradient descent method. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. This paper investigated a framework of Multi-Kernel Locality- Sensitive Hashing by exploring multiple kernels for efficient and scalable content-based image retrieval. In both cases a uniform random distribution is used. Recently  , several approaches have been developed for selecting references for reference-based indexing 11  , 17. bound3 is the bound obtained using a random point rand inside the hull. This method needs lots of hierarchical links as its training data. Our formula search engine is an integral part of Chem X Seer  , a digital library for chemistry and embeds the formula search into document search by query rewrite and expansion Figure 1. In this paper we do not address the problem of scalability or efficiency in determining the relevance of the ontologies  , in respect to a query. Tague and Nelson 16 validated whether the performance of their generated queries was similar to real queries across the points of the precision-recall graph using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS Test. It is evident from experimental results that our approach has much higher label prediction accuracy and is much more scalable in terms of training time than existing systems. In the information retrieval domain  , the systems are based on three basic models: The Boolean model  , the vector model and the probabilistic model. It is the length of the projection of one vector onto the other unit vector. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. The Servo thread is an interrupt service routine ISR which The windows are grouped in two sections: operator windows green softkeys and expert windows blue softkeys. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. When a user enters a freetext query string  , the corpus of webpages is ranked using an IR approach and then the mapping from webpages back to songs is used to retrieve relevant songs. In particular  , users' querying behavior their " talk "  is a more limited source of predictive signal than their browsing behavior their " walk " . Boldface indicates that the W value of a combined resource is equal or above the lowest W of the single resources that are combined. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. It We use topic modeling to recover the concerns/aspects in each software artifact  , and use them as input for machine learningbased defect prediction models. According to the theory of general fixedpoint equations in complete dioids  , we have y = ca%u  , where h = ca% is the transfer function matrix of the system. To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. The second is that no imputation method is best for all cases. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. To optimize the poses and landmarks  , we create a metric environment map by embedding metric information to nodes by breadth-first search over graph. is NP-complete. We investigate query translation based CLIR here. The RPS view size and CON view size are fixed to 4 ,9 for 10 clients  , 6 ,15 for 50 clients  , and 7 ,20 for 100 clients. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. Cross Language Information Retrieval CLIR refers to retrieval when the query and the database are in different languages. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. From the standpoint of retrieval theory  , the presumption has been that relevance should be explicitly recognized in any formal model of retrieval. Starting from the two entities e 1 and e 2 the intersection tree is built using breadth-first search. We compute the discrete plan as a tree using the breadth first search. The display may be used in text mode or graphics mode by direct access to video memory by using SVGA-lib. Considering the log-likelihood function f : SO3 → R given by One efficient way of doing Simulated Annealing minimization on continuous control spaces is to use a modification of downhill Simplex method. Probabilistic CLIR. UC also includes a utility to scan a portion of the file system specified by the user. Next  , we describe the experimental settings. We note that our method only relies on word embeddings and the availability of word lists to construct the paraphrase matrix. For each document identifier passed to the Snippet Engine   , the engine must generate text  , preferably containing query terms  , that attempts to summarize that document. By quantifying the amount of information required to explain probability distribution changes  , the proposed least information theory LIT establishes a new basic information quantity and provides insight into how terms can be weighted based on their probability distributions in documents vs. in the collection. We also show that such dictionaries contribute to CLIR performance . Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. Therefore  , IMRank is robust to the selection of initial ranking  , and IMRank works well with an initial ranking prefering nodes with high influence  , which could be obtained efficiently in practice. is the multi-dimensional likelihood function of the object being in all of the defined classes and all poses given a particular class return. A search engine deploying learning to rank techniques reranks the top K documents retrieved by a standard weighting model  , known as the sample 3  , as shown in Figure 1. Applying the Shannon Entropy equation directly will be misleading. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? In traditional approaches users provide manual assessments of relevance  , or semantic similarity. Each evaluator wrote down his steps in constructing the query. Motivated by this intuition   , this study focuses on modeling user-entity distance and inter-category differences in location preference. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies.   , vn−1}  , where the indices are consistent with a breadth-first numbering produced by a breadth-first search starting at node v0 1 see Section 3.4.1 for a formal definition. On the other hand  , if a protein is designed as part of a drug delivery system  , structurally-similar proteins might also be used to effectively deliver a medicinal payload to sites within the body. We also considered the two-sample Kolmogorov -Smirnov KS Test 6  , a non-parametric test that tests if the two samples are drawn from the same distribution by comparing the cumulative distribution functions CDF of the two samples. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. Furthermore  , at the end of the indexing the individual fingerprint trees can be collected with sorting and merging operations  , as the longest possible path in each fingerprint tree is due to Lemma 2 the labels are strictly increasing but cannot grow over . For the same workflow size  , GA* 100  , NetGA 100 and NetGA 50 maintain runtime ratios of about 4:2:1 regardless of the number of services per task. By summing log likelihood of all click sequences  , we get the following log-likelihood function: The exact derivation is omitted to save space. Intuitively  , this definition captures the notion that since a search engine generates a ranking of documents by scoring them according to various criteria  , the scores used for ranking may only accurately resolve document relevance to within some toleration . Section 6 compares CLIR performance of our system with monolingual IR performance. Due to space constraints  , we refer the reader to 12 for further details. An obvious method in question answering QA for assessing the relevance of candidate answer sentences is by considering their underlying event structures  , i.e. In all cases  , the PL hypothesis provides a p-value much lower than 0.1 our choice of the significance level of the KS-test. The information-theoretic measures commonly used to evaluate rule interestingness are the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , the average mutual information 12 often simply called mutual information  , the Theil uncertainty coefficient 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12 cf. Susskind et al. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. First  , we used the data extracted from DBpedia consisting of the 52 numeric & textual data properties of the City class to test our proposed overall approach SemanticTyper. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. Since the log likelihood function is non-convex  , we use Expectation-Maximization 12  for training. In this work  , we use a similar idea as word embedding to initialize the embedding of user and item feature vectors via additional training data. The data generator is able to generate datasets with different sizes containing entities normally involved in the domain e.g. Although on a large scale the fitting is rather accurate  , the smaller and faster phenomena are not given enough attention in this model. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. We train the embeddings of the words in comments using skip-bigram model 10  with window size of 10 using hierarchical softmax training. The documents were stemmed using Al-Stem a freely available standard resource from the TREC CLIR track  , diacritics were removed  , and normalization was performed to convert the letters ya In a breadth-first search approach the arrangement enumeration tree is explored in a top-bottom manner  , i.e. Using MATLAB  , a fast Fourier transform FFT was performed. These environments are dominated by issues of software construction. If a word has no embedding  , the word is considered as having no word semantic relatedness knowledge. Internally  , the framework builds up a microscopic representation of the system based on these observations as well as on a list of interactions of interest specified by the user. is done by performing a breadth-first search that considers all successor vertices of a given vertex first before expanding further. The next step in sophistication is to have a template that can model more general transformations than the simple template  , such as affine distortion. It is also important to make sure that people participate the workshops only as long as their input is needed  , in order to minimize the idle time of participants. The next section will discuss the classification method. These outliers were removed using DBSCAN to identify low density noise. Berberich et al. The price factor of 0.95 of BMEcat is transferred to a discount by the formula PercentageFactor=PRICE_FACTOR -1. Map Size " denotes to the height and width of the convolutional feature maps to be pooled. " An update in Q-learning takes the form To keep experimental design approachable  , we dropped the use of guidance which is an additional input to speedup learning. For fair comparison  , we used the same five field entity representation scheme and the same query sets as in 33  Sem- Search ES consisting primarily of named entity queries  , List- Search consisting primarily of entity list search queries  , QALD- 2 consisting of entity-focused natural language questions  , and INEX-LD containing a mix of entity-centric queries of different type. We plan to investigate these methods in future work. Figure 2 clearly shows that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS-test-based approach achieves much higher MRR than the other 4 approaches for all number of labelled data sources used in training. To explore the practicality of this approach  , we have implemented it and conducted an experimental study. It should be noted that Axdi is calculated by each follower based on the observable state of each follower AX ,. The decoder can handle position-dependent  , cross-word triphones and lexicons with contextual pronunciations. This is a standard trade-off in fitting multiple models to data 8. Afterwards the Q-Learning was trained. 17 For comparison  , on KE4IR website we make available for download an instance of SOLR a popular search engine based on Lucene indexing the same document collection used in our evaluation  , and we report on its performances on the test queries. Through repetitively replacing bad vertices with better points the simplex moves downhill. The exception to this trend is Mammography   , which reports zero correlation categorically  , as within each test either all or none of the features fail the KS test except for some MCAR trials for which failure occurred totally at random. We observe that the various query sets exhibit different levels of difficulty; this is indeed what we would have liked to achieve by considering different types of information needs. There are  , however  , important differences. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. to represent a navigation structure in a Web shop. , L  , and therefore the input and output layers have as many nodes as the number of topics used to model these sets  , K Q and K QA respectively. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark 17 BSBM also generates fulltext content and person names. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. A second operator considered within the system is the Fast Fourier Transform FFT. While view materialization is well understood for traditional relational databases  , it remains an active research for XML and RDF stores. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. There have been extensive studies on the probabilistic model5 ,6 ,7 ,8. For example  , the R-LTR-NTN that using PLSA as document representations is denoted as R-LTR-NTN plsa . Each word type is associated with its own embedding. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . Given the wide availability of standard word embedding software and word lists for most languages  , both resources are significantly easier to obtain than manually curating lexical paraphrases   , for example by creating WordNet synsets. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. Data Modeling: A predictive model  , capable of extracting facts from the decomposed and tagged input media  , needs to be constructed  , either manually or through automatic induction methods. Of particular interest are open questions related to the introduction of police-based data placement in an information integration system. 1. The probabilistic retrieval model is attractive because it provides a theoretical foundation for the retrieval operation which takes into account the notion of document relevance. 2 presented an incremental automatic question recommendation framework based on PLSA. Having validated our semantic similarity measure σ G s   , let us now begin to explore its applications to performance evaluation . The objective function of LFH-Stochastic has a major trend of convergence to some stationary point with slight vibration. Since the transfer function matrix in Eq. So  , when tackling the phrase-level sentiment classification  , we form a sentence matrix S as follows: for each token in a tweet  , we have to look up its corresponding word embedding in the word matrix W  , and the embedding for one of the two word types. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. Word embedding as technique for representing the meaning of a word in terms other words  , as exemplified by the Word2vec ap- proach 7 . Shannon entropy: Shannon entropy 27 allows to estimate the average minimum number of bits needed to encode a string of symbols in binary form if log base is 2 based on the alphabet size and the frequency of symbols. There is significant scientific work to support this view. Moreover  , a self-organizing map could have been used to analyse the 2D projection instead of the tabular model. Although a kinematic model gives a good description of the camera's movement for general applications  , it is useful to consider the unstabilized components in motion due to the change of operating conditions  , external disturbances  , etc. We applied a Self-Organizing Feature Map SOFM assuming that the maximum number of components of a visitor behavior vector is H = 6. To maximize the overall log likelihood  , we can maximize each log likelihood function separately. Typically  , the optimization finishes within 30 iterations. Audio signals consists of a time-series of samples  , which we denote as st. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . The generated hypotheses are then passed to the verifier. Furthermore  , the correlations between different concepts have not been fully exploited in previous research. These benchmarks use the DBpedia knowledge base and usually provide a training set of questions  , annotated with the ground truth SPARQL queries. Semantic relevance. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. To date  , product master data is typically passed along the value chain using Business to Business B2B channels based on Electronic Data Interchange EDI standards such as BMEcat catalog from the German Federal Association for Materials Management  , Purchasing and Logistics 3  12. After word segmentation we get a sequence of meaningful words from each text query. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. , do not allow online update of parameters. Since the number of observations is small n = 31  , we fitted the proposed model with the order q = 1  , 2  , 3 and 4. Segmentation of the gait cycle based on the lib-terrain interaction isolates portions of the gait bounce signal with high information content. We also use as baselines two types of existing effective metrics based on PMI and LSA. Previous works based on this approach yield to interesting results but under restrictions on the manip ulator kinematics. This problem can be formulated as longest common subsequence LCS problem 8. In addition  , with increasing interoperability across system boundaries  , a significant fraction of the workload may become inherently unpredictable  , and DMP settings that are based on the local load alone will be meaningless. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. Here  , we focus on locality sensitive hashing techniques that are most relevant to our work. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. The Query Evaluator parses the query and builds an operator based query tree. semantic integrity constraints and functional dependencies  , for optimization. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. , the parameters of the LSTM block and the parameters of the function F·  , are learned during training. The pursuer could then be envisioned as an electric train that carries an inexpensive detection device. To identify them  , we compute the Shannon entropy from the vector of the smell frequencies < f S  ,t > S for each month t. We find that the least distinctive month is January  , while the most distinctive ones are March  , April  , and May. We collected all the data in an SPARQL-capable RDF store and extrapolated some statistics to substantiate the potential of our approach. Uncertainties/entropies of the two distributions can be computed by Shannon entropy: Few did pose the problem of predicting CLIR performance or whether to translate a query term or not. Considering SAE with k layers  , the first layer will be the autoencoder  , with the training set as the input. This ensures that each reference trajectory will affect only the corresponding joint angle and that robust steady-state tracking occurs for a class of reference trajectories and torque disturbances  , as will be discussed later. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. Our approach called SemanticTyper is significantly different from approaches in past work in that we attempt to capture the distribution and hence characteristic properties of the data corresponding to a semantic label as a whole rather than extracting features from individual data values. This is an implementation of an entity identification problem 50. We can observe that all translation types native  , C  , SQE  , SJE  , SQE+SJE have similar performance in most of BSBM queries  , ranging from 0.67 to 2.60 when normalized  ing to the native SQL queries. For inference 17 use Variational EM. In response to a query  , each of the three indices returns zero or more results. Hundreds of people have been involved in making RaPiD7 as a working practice in Nokia. Once the search space is structured  , a search strategy should be chosen. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data. Clearly  , there is significantly fewer cross community edges  , and more inner community conductorships in the communities extracted by NetPLSA than PLSA. It reaches a maximum MRR of 0.879 when trained with 6 data sources and then saturates  , retaining almost the same MRR for higher number of training data sources used. 4 GoodRelations-specific compliance tests 14 to spot data model inconsistencies. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. In addition  , both voted-PLSA and conc-PLSA perform at least as well as Fusion-LM. For both the paper folding and protein folding models  , each con­ nection attempt performs feasibility checks for N intermedi­ ate confi gurations between the two corresponding nodes as determined by the chosen local planner. One can design a positioning compensator to develop a tracklng system such that the closed-loop system IS always robust to the bounded uncertalnties In the open loop dynamlcs of the robot. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. These three input parameters have already been introduced before.  In the language model approaches to information retrieval  , models that capture term dependencies achieve substantial improvements over the unigram model. The DMG-Lib concept and workflow takes into account that technical knowledge exists in different forms e.g. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Each of the initial seed SteamIDs was pushed onto an Amazon Simple Queue Service SQS queue. Each book  , for example  , may take a considerable time to review  , particularly when collecting passage level relevance assessments. 5. After all  , if projects are planned according to RaPiD7 methodology there will be a number of workshops to participate in. It is of the following form: 6 indicates that even in pathological cases where χ 2 tests and D KL measures signal a low quality fit  , the log-normal model still provides an acceptable description of the general behavior of the meme. Using WE word representation models  , scholars have improved the performance of classification 6  , machine translation 16  , and other tasks. Further  , we also see in Figure 3and Figure 4that across different settings of K  , in most cases the averaged performance of LapPLSA exceeds that of pLSA. Methods like this rely on large labeled training set to cover as much words as possible  , so that we can take advantage of word embedding to get high quality word vectors. While some approaches use special ranking loss layers 10  , we have extended the CNN architecture using a sigmoid layer instead of the softmax layer and a cross entropy loss function. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. 2011 25 is made an extensive series of tests with several missing values treatment techniques  , and two interesting conclusions are drawn. Finally  , we include the results recomputed from the run files of the methods used for evaluation in 2. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. To answer RQ1  , for each action ID we split the observed times in two context groups  , which correspond to different sets of previous user interactions  , and run the two-sample twosided Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test 14 to determine whether the observed times were drawn from the same distribution. Such effectiveness is consistent across different translation approaches as well as benchmarks. There are numerous metrics that are applicable such as informationbased metrics that result in the optimization of Shannon entropy  , mutual information  , etc. Automatically extracting the actual content poses an interesting challenge for us. Research in the area of CLIR has focused mainly on methods for query translation. the NCU family 16. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. For example   , a classical content-based recommendation engine takes the text from the descriptions of all the items that user has browsed or bought and learns a model usually a binary target function: "recommend or "not recommend". Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. In addition  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q performs as good as NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity at all ranks. Furthermore. For commercial reasons  , we have developed technology for English  , Japanese  , and Chinese CLIR. Tanaka 1986 6 proposed the first macroscopic constitutive model. The differences between the neural click models can be explained as follows. , yn  , where yi is the informed probability of the i th inference. Second  , we address the limitation of KLSH. Fast Fourier Transform FFT has been applied to get the Fourier transform for each short period of time. This enables a principled integration of the thesaurus model and a probabilistic retrieval model. We augment this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method to identify the expanded dataset. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Periodically  , the fast Fourier transform FFT yields a signal spectrum: But the bcst way is to determine TI and T2 directly in DSP from input data array xn. However  , in some queries the translation results show significant differences  , such as in Q04 and Q05. P Shot i  = constant. requiring a minimum of 90 samples given the population of 1376 products in the BMEcat. In addition  , agile modeling does not provide ways to plan the modeling sessions in your software projects whereas in JAD and RaPiD7 the planning is seen crucial for success. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. Specify individual optimization rules. , NDCG by using the Simulated Annealing which uses a modification of downhill Simplex method for the next candidate move to find the global min- imum. In all cities  , we observe the same two main results. Shannon Entropy is defined as Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem. For a given Latent Semantic Space Dijkstra says " a program with an error is just wrong " 10. References will usually denote entities contained in the discourse model  , which is updated after every utterance with entities introduced in that utterance. As a result of not using all the base relations  , there may be situations where there is not enough information to maintain a view unambiguously  , even if we are given the specific contents of the views  , a subset of the base relations  , and the base update. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. Two parameters must be set for DBSCAN: and M inP ts. Path finding and sub-paths in breadth-first search 3. Rules model intensional knowledge  , from which new probabilistic facts are derived. The new successive higher-order window representations then are fed into LSTM Section 2.2. There is a generator of random changes which is a procedure that takes a random step from λ to λ + Δλ. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. is the current estimate of the Q-function  , and α is the learning rate. 8 As explained before  , our intention is to assess data set quality instead of SPARQL syntax. The result obtained is presented in Table 4. For any manlpulator  , wlth any type of posrtlonlng controller  , one can always arrlve at lnequallty * Is imposed on the robot end-point. query terms rather than document terma because they were investigating probabilistic retrieval Model 2 of Robertson et.al. Due to its relatively low accuracy demands  , spray painting is particularly suited for automated robot programming . , they group vector states by rank  , distance to the previous click. Two categories of word analogy are used in this task: semantic and syntactic. S is the sensitivity transfer function matrix. White et al. We randomly split the data into a training set 251 queries and an evaluation set 40 queries as follows: Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Even though we have described the tasks of content selection and surface realization separately  , in practice OCELOT selects and arranges words simultaneously when constructing a summary . By limiting the complexity of the model  , we discourage over-fitting. The breadth-first search weighted by its distance from the reference keyframe is performed  , and the visited keyframes are registered in the temporary global coordinate system. We propose an approach to estimate the translation probability of a query term according to its effect on CLIR. By varying the resistor R we can vary the weight given to the regularizing entropy term relative to the minimization of the square of the error. Since the egg was folded on the preheated ceramic plate  , it folded itself in 3 minutes. The QUERY LANGUAGE OPTIMIZER will optimize this query into an optimized access plan. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. We begin with the standard approach which is operational  , and uses the formal power series. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. He has a large footprint on the Web  , however the top images returned by the search engine are replicas of the same few shots. , the point-of-interest POI indicates the geo-location and activity category  , while the timestamp reveals the chronological order. Due to the limited length of this paper   , we refer readers to the project landing page hosting the open source code repository 8   , where they can find a detailed overview of all the features of the converter  , including a comprehensive user's guide. A derived relation is defined by a relational expression query over the base relations. In that sense  , BMEcat2GoodRelations is to the best of our knowledge the only solution developed with open standards  , readily available to both manufacturers and retailers to convert product master data from BMEcat into structured RDF data suitable for publication and consumption on the Web of Data. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. This paper explores the use of word embeddings of enhance IR effectiveness. First  , it is well suited to our domain  , in that it proposes a simple voting scheme  , where users express their opinions about a common good i.e. After a certain period  , a generated realization of MCMC sample can be treated as a dependent sample from the posterior distribution. On the other hands  , the complements of the feasibility grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. Kisilevich et al. Semantic errors were reported to developers who quickly confirmed their relevance and took actions to correct them. We started by measuring Lucene's out of the box search quality for TREC data and found that it is significantly inferior to other search engines that participate in TREC  , and in particular comparing to our search engine Juru. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. In general  , the optimization problem 17 can be locally solved using numerical gradient-descent methods. Support vector machine has been proven to be an efficient classifier in text mining 1 . In particular  , a latent random variable x is associated with each word  , acts as a switch to determine whether the word is generated from the distribution of background model  , breaking news  , posts from social friends or user's intrinsic interest. To conclude with the above example  , suppose that we want to obtain the objects and not only the Definition attribute e.g. The testing phase was excluded as the embeddings for all the documents in the dataset are estimated during the training phase. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. , museums  , landmarks  , and galleries. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Furthermore  , the mapping at product level allows to specify the manufacturer part number  , product name and description  , and condition of the product. , projection  , duplicate elimination that have no influence on the emptiness of the query output. A total of 399 words returned the same results for all four approaches. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. We estimate that DBSCAN also runs roughly 15 times faster and show the estimated running time of DBSCAN in the following table as a function of point set cardinality. In general  , a feature model 3  , 4  , 5  , 6  , 7  , 8 is a description of the relevant characteristics of some entity of interest. We propose an advanced Skip-gram model which incorporates word sentiment and negation into the basic Skip-gram model. Are users highly focused i.e. The model can be directly used to derive quantitative predictions about term and link occurrences. In such a system   , users can query with a boolean combination of tags and other keywords  , and obtain resources ranked by relevance to users' interests. With this approach  , the weights of the edges are directly multiplied into the gradients when the edges are sampled for model updating. LSH has been extended to Kernelized Locality-Sensitive Hashing KLSH 16 by exploiting kernel similarity for better retrieval efficacy. The products in the BSH catalog were classified according to eCl@ss 6.1  , whereas Weidmüller provide their own proprietary catalog group system. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. For example  , a loss-free mapping of extensive price models e.g. In addition  , we expect random access latencies to improve over time as developers continue to improve HDFS. Shannon Entropy is shown on the left  , min-Entropy in the middle and Rényi Entropy on the right. In our experiments  , we use the gensim implementation of skipgram models 2 . The fourth column A-m shows the acquisition method of the material  , which has five values: library Lib  , third-party T-p  , license Lic  , purchase Pur and voluntary deposit V-d. Section 4 discusses our CLIR approaches. As na¨ıvena¨ıve implementations that evaluate the KDE at every input point individually can be inefficient on large datasets  , implementations based on Fast Fourier Transformation FFT have been proposed. We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. imputation  inappropriate. Figure 4bshows that the number of calls answered by caches are proportional with the size of the cache. The resulting relevance model significantly outperforms all existing click models. 4 Yahoo! The objective of SG++ is to further incorporate negation. By contrast  , the nearly 2.7 million product instances from the crawl only contain eleven properties on average. Similarly  , we define the probability of observing the document dm given the sentences present in it as follows. the state-of-the-art QALD 3 benchmark. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. Finally  , the GETHEURISTIC function is called on every state encountered by the search. Optimization. Experiments on three real-world datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our model. To this end  , we specify a distribution over Q: PQq can indicate  , for example  , the probability that a specific query q is issued to the information retrieval system which can be approximated. Since the bed model was representable  , this indicates a failure in the MCMC estimator. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. The retrieval was performed using query likelihood for the queries in Tables 1 and 2  , using the language models estimated with the probabilistic annotation model. One of the most successful realizations of LFM  , which combines good scalability with predictive accuracy  , is based on low-rank MF e.g. However  , measuring learning is very difficult to do reliably in practice. The results and evaluations are reported in Section 5. A Graphical User Interface GUI in MATLAB has been designed to implement our propo:sed method. In particular  , kernel-based LSH KLSH 23  was recently proposed to overcome the limitation of the regular LSH technique that often assumes the data come from a multidimensional vector space and the underlying embedding of the data must be explicitly known and computable. By applying the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT to the ZMP reference   , the ZMP equations can be solved in frequency domain. To build the word embedding matrix W W W   , we extract the vocabulary from all tweets present in TMB2011 and TMB2012. When looking at search result behaviour more broadly we see that what browsing does occur occurs within the first page of results. However  , the improvements of IMRank seems more visible under the TIC model. Additionally  , we use the keyboard to allow for the entrance of data. Wu et al. The sp2b uses bibliographic data from dblp 12 as its test data set  , while the bsbm benchmark considers eCommerce as its subject area. Internet advertising is a complex problem. Similar trends are also found in individual query per- formances. 5 BSBM is currently focused on SPARQL queries  , therefore we plan to develop a set of representative SPARQL/Update operations to cover all features of our approach. Therefore  , in this paper  , we propose new Word Embedding-based metrics to capture the coherence of topics . Our most relevant work 10  presented a method to predict the performance of CLIR according to translation quality and ease of queries. As a result of the mapping  , we get the knowledge base entity equivalent of the query input I which has been identified in the NQS instance. The topic pattern First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. The motivation for this work was to use transfer learning  , when the source and target domain share only a subset of classes. This MTL method assumes that all tasks are related to each other and it tries to transfer knowledge between all tasks. We train the three models by maximizing the log-likelihood of the data. Positive/negative vq  , r corresponds to a vote in favor of a positive or negative answer respectively. Fast Fourier Transform. As a partial solution to mitigate the shortage of missing product master data in the context of e-commerce on the Web of Data  , we propose the BME- cat2GoodRelations converter. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. Library and owners can appear as value Lib  , Own  , if both the library and the owners require written permission. As the number of clusters increases  , the performance of three methods converge to a similar level  , around 0.8. It consists of a horizontal model  , which explains the skipping behavior  , and a vertical model that depicts the vertical examination behavior. The colors have the following semanticsWhen marking is over  , all the reachable objects have been detected as such and examined  , and are therefore black. Section 3 describes human and robot emotion. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. Similar to 38  , we add an additional softmax layer upon the target language SAE that outputs the sentiment labels of the target language data. Additionally   , we identified examples that illustrate the problem scenario described relying on structured data collected from 2500+ online shops together with their product offerings. We detail our semantic modeling approach in In Section 3  , we review conventional IR methods in order to display the basic underlying concepts of determining text relevance. It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. If the forest has T trees  , then The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. In this section we describe the details of integrating Simulated Annealing and downhill Simplex method in the optimization framework to minimize the loss function associated directly to NDCG measure. Related to the heterogeneity of information integration are open questions about the transactional semantics of operations across federated data sources  , synchronized backup and recovery  , a uniform privacy and security model across a multitude of systems  , as well as general query and operational performance aspects in the presence of huge data volumes and increasing numbers of data sources. The answer passage retrieval component is fully unsupervised and relies on some scoring model to retrieve most relevant answer passages for a given question. The time and space complexity of finding the weighted edit distance is also " #  ! Our approach outperforms both the simple PLSA and Dual-PLSA methods  , as well as a transfer learning approach Collaborative Dual-PLSA. Our method outperforms the three baselines  , including method only consider PMI  , surface coverage or semantic similarity Table 2: Relevance precision compared with baselines. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. To exploit statistics on views we can leverage existing system infrastructure built to support materialized views. Rather  , it uses the scoring function of the search engine used to rank the search results. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. A more difficult bias usually causes a greater proportion of features to fail KS. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: likelihood function. Furthermore  , I would like to thank the pilot users and teams in Nokia  , especially I would like to thank Stephan Irrgang  , Roland Meyer  , Thomas Wirtz  , Juha Yli-Olli and Miia Forssell. However  , the precision of LD worsens with increases in missing data proportions. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. Our results show that we can clearly outperform baseline approaches in respect to correctly linking English DBpedia properties in the SPARQL queries  , specifically in a cross-lingual setting where the question to be answered is provided in Spanish. This result is further verified when we examine the result of KLSH-Weight  , which outperform both KLSH-Best and KLSH- Uniform. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. The MQ with q bits is denoted as q-MQ. This situation does not take the sentiment information into account. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. However  , prohibitively high computational cost makes it impractical for IMRank. This objective is fulfilled by either having a layer to perform the transformation or looking up word vectors from a table which is filled by word vectors that are trained separately using additional large corpus. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Shannon entropy. Inspired by the superior results obtained by the neural language models  , we present a two-phase approach  , Doc2Sent2Vec  , to learn document embedding. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. The steps of RaPiD7 method are presented in figure 1. The runtime of Dijkstra significantly increases  , as the number of services per task increases. For example most of the mentioned factors are implemented in the BMEcat standard 10. target formats can be executed loss-free; however  , this cannot be said in general for the transformation of a source to a target format. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. To compare the price models of the selected standard  , we show the six determining factors in table 3. Finally  , we present our conclusions and future work in Section 5. Typically text documents in the field of mechanisms and machine science are containing many figures. We perform experiments on a publicly available multilingual multi-view text categorization corpus extracted from the Reuters RCV1/RCV2 corpus 1 . Users also indicated that Random Indexing provided more general suggestions  , while those provided by hyProximity were more granular. 5: Quantification of the fitting of oriented-Gabor model RMSE as defined in eq. As the feasibility grids represent the crossability states of the environment   , the likelihood fields of the feasibility grids are ideally adequate for deriving the likelihood function for moving objects  , just as the likelihood fields of the occupancy grids are used to obtain the likelihood function for stationary objects. It uses a transform similar to the Fast Fourier Transform  , which reduces convolution to pointwise addition. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. One type of cognitive tasks is machine learning. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Small η values may cause the learning model over-sensitive to the training samples. The variational EM maximizes the lower bound of the log likelihood with respect to the variational parameters  , and then for fixed values of the variational parameters  , maximizes the lower bound with respect to the model parameters. DBSCAN can separate the noise outliers  and discover clusters of arbitrary shape. Q-learning has been carried out and fitness of the genes is calculated from the reinforced Q-table. textual relation expressions  , augmented with a ranked set of DBpedia properties. This can be perceived from results already. , the percentage of right classifications of our approach by realizing all properties occurring in the QALD- 2 benchmark. A quick scan of the thumbnails locates an answer: 4 musicians shown  , which the user could confirm took place in Singapore by showing and playing the story. In short  , two nodes are considered as similar if there are many short paths connecting them. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. Figure 5a shows a failure in fitting the profile to the sensor data around P1 in Fig. , folding a one-dimensional amino acid chain into a three-dimensional protein structure. Gray scale indicates computed relevance with white most relevant. The resulting good performance of CLIR corresponds to the high quality of the suggested queries. These features include the sum of the mouse cursor positions' intra-distances  , both inside and outside the KM display as well as overall  , which indicate how compact or dispersed is the distribution of mouse cursor positions. , a user who explores many different types. For mental demand the differences were found to be significant  With these feature functions  , we define the objective likelihood function as: Typically  , the target of this influence model is to best fit reconstruct the observation data  , which is usually achieved by maximizing the likelihood function. RQ4. Since previously learned RRT's are kept for fkture uses  , the data structure becomes a forest consisting of multiple RRTs. In numerical optimization  , maximization of an optimization function is a standard problem which can be solved using stochastic gradient descent 5. This is aimed at averting too long loops that would happen with simple greedy selection. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. A video demonstration can be found online: http://cs.uwaterloo.ca/~rtholmes/go/icse11demo. Noting that our work provides a framework which can be fit for any personalized ranking method  , we plan to generalize it to other pairwise methods in the future. In this section  , we illustrate the split group duplicate problem that arises if we ignore this subtle difference between materialized view maintenance and the " traditional " associative/commutative update problems studied by Korth Kor83 and others. Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. , to edit them. The measure value is given by the following equation: The current release is BMEcat 2005 12  , a largely downwards-compatible update of BMEcat 1.2. As the binary constraints are directly imposed to the learning objective and are valid throughout the optimization procedure  , the derived binary codes are much more accurate than sign thresholding binary codes. The goal of Q-learning is to create a function Q : S×A → R assigning to each state-action pair a Q-value  , Qs  , a  , that corresponds to the agent's expected reward of executing an action a in a state s and following infinitely an optimal policy starting from the next state s ′ : Qs  , a=Rs  , a+γ An intelligent way to connect the pieces of motion generated with this approach is also an area of interest for our ongoing research. Then we present a probabilistic object-oriented logic for realizing this model  , which uses probabilistic Datalog as inference mechanism. In the future  , we would like to find ways to overcome this problem and thus further improve top ranked precision of AQR based results. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. This is done by querying DBpedia's SPARQL endpoint for concepts that have a relation with the given concept. Here  , we treat the AQUAINT corpus as a unigram language model of general English 15   , A  , and the Interest Corpus as a unigram language model consisting of topic specific terms and general English terms  , I. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. We followed Chapelle et al. Distance Computation between regional embeddings After learning word embeddings for each word w ∈ V  , we then compute the distance Figure 2: Semantic field of theatre as captured by GEODIST method between the UK and US. These animations are augmenting original figures and can be displayed in the e-book pages with an integrated Java Applet. This is attractive  , because most PIM software applications can export content to BMEcat. In practice  , DC thrashing is probably infrequent because the limitation of the DMP acts as a load control method. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. Evaluation is performed via anecdotal results. The results from the initial workshops were encouraging and the method was taken into use in several other teams  , too. To summarize  , S-PLSA + works as follows. For high-dimensional similarity search  , the best-known indexing method is locality sensitive hashing LSH 17. Second  , their technique is essentially unsupervised   , which does not fully explore the data characteristics and thus cannot achieve the optimal indexing performance. All the triples including the owl:sameAs statements are distributed over 20 SPARQL endpoints which are deployed on 10 remote virtual machines having 2GB memory each. The consolidated stoppage points are subsequently clustered using a modified DBSCAN technique to get the identified truck stops. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. While this difference is visually apparent  , we also ensure it is statistically significant using two methods: 1 the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test  , and 2 a permutation test  , to verify that the two samples are drawn from different probability distributions. Query Load. Further more  , we also compared the five variants of WNBs each other. PV-DBOW maps words and documents into low-dimension dense vectors. Equation 1 describes the default Lucene score for a document d with respect to a query q: One issue is that the true pignistic Shannon entropy on intermediate combined evidence structures is not available. Daikon 4.6.4 is an invariant generator http://pag.csail.mit.edu/daikon/. Yet  , selecting data which most likely results in zero loss  , thus zero gradients  , simply slows down the optimization convergence. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. In other words  , lr/s = information -misinformation = coherence -confusion In a sense  , the system ranks might be considered inversely related to the probability that a document will be examined; the user ranks  , to the probability that a document will be useful. The architecture of the autoencoder is shown Fig. To do this  , we leveraged users' search trails for the two-month period from March to April 2009 inclusive referred to hereafter as   , and constructed historic interest models   , for all user-query pairs. TREC-8 marks the first occasion for CLARITECH to participate in the CLIR track. In CLIR a user may use his or her native language in searching for foreign language documents 4. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. , 10. The sample size was selected based on a 95% confidence level and 10% confidence interval margin of error  , i.e. Out of the 12 BSBM queries  , we focus on all of the 10 SELECT queries that is  , we leave out DESCRIBE query Q09 and CONSTRUCT query Q12. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. The experimental results are shown in Table 2The second observation is that the combined methods WNB-G-HC and G-MCMC outperform slightly the original methods WNB-G  , WNB-HC and WNB-MCMC. DBSCAN expands a cluster C as follows. FE- NN2 is based on the fast implementation scheme and the approximate pignistic Shannon entropy. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. To understand this behaviour better  , we analyzed the query plans generated by the RDBMS. Similar as for MoIR  , the combined CLIR models are also compared. semi-supervised of the label observations by fitting the latent factor model BRI on the above three sources of evidences. 6  holds the objects during the breadth-first search. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. Then  , the following relation exists between Finally  , for each set of results the only the the highest scoring 1000 tweets were used by RRF to combine results and only the top 1000 results from each run were submitted to NIST for evaluation. BSBM SQL 5 is a join of four tables product  , product   , productfeatureproduct  , and productfeatureproduct . For the chosen innovation problem  , the evaluators were presented with the lists of 30 top-ranked suggestions generated by ad- Words  , hyProximity mixed approach and Random Indexing. We need to compute the correlation between the smell vectors and the air quality vectors. ~. As such they had to construct a strong notion of the form and content of a relevant image  , which one might call their semantic relevance. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. The flow of BSBM queries simulates a real user interacting with a web application. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The fully connected AE is a basic form of an autoencoder. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Figure 4shows an example. These 690 requests were targeting 30 of our 541 monitored shells  , showing that not all homephoning shells will eventually be accessed by attackers. We learned 3 the mapping of 300  , 000 words to a 100-dimension embedded space over a corpus consisting of 7.5 million Web queries  , sampled randomly from a query log. Another attractive property is that the proposal is constant and does not depend on ztd  , thus  , we precompute it once for the entire MCMC sweep. However  , the performance of SDM remarkably drops on SemSearch ES query set. Three parts should be deposited to the output stock St4 at 23  , 32 and 41 units of time. Note that the randomized nature of the Minhash generation method requires further checks to increase the probability of uncovering all pairs of related articles in terms of the signature. This yields a manipulator transfer function where Gps is a matrix of Laplace Transforms relating the joint angles to the joint torques. Instead of solving the exact similarity search for high dimensional indexing  , recent years have witnessed active studies of approximate high-dimensional indexing techniques 20  , 14  , 25  , 3  , 8  , 11. Two methods are used to identify the characteristic frequencies of the flexible modes. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. Figure 2will settle to a state which minimizes the sum of the error in the estimate and the negative of the Shannon entropy. A screenshot of web-based pictogram retrieval system prototype which uses the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach with a 0.5 cutoff value. WE metrics using GloV e 4. The rule retrieve means that a document should be retrieved when it is about 'databases' or 'retrieval'. During learning phase  , the support vector machine will be trained to learn the edge and non­ edge pattern. Intuitively  , the sentence representation is computed by modeling word-level coherence. We separately evaluate the utility of temporal modeling via staleness by introducing the Staleness only method that includes the F t features. Unlike dynamic programming  , the heuristic aIg+ rithme do not enumerate all poeeible join permutations. First of all  , their naive approach to combining multiple kernels simply treats each kernel equally  , which fails to fully explore the power of combining multiple diverse kernels in KLSH. The GoodRelations vocabulary further refines the categorization made by OWL by discerning qualitative and quantitative object properties. Neither pattern is a true depth-first or breadthfirst search pattern. For example we are solving for six registration parameters translation and rotation; therefore the simplex has 7 vertices and the error associated with each of the vertices. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. As the local R 2 FP deals with the sparse features in the sub-region and the sparseness of features is a vital start point that inspires the proposed method  , it can be assumed that K opt can be affected by the sparsity of the feature maps  , which is determined by the target response of each hidden neuron ρ in the autoencoder. , if πR=∅  , we know immediately that R=∅  , σR=∅  , and R ⋈ Using the training blog entries  , we train an S-PLSA model. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. The BWESG-based representation of word w  , regardless of its actual language  , is then a dim-dimensional vector: The model learns word embeddings for source and target language words which are aligned over the dim embedding dimensions and may be represented in the same shared inter-lingual embedding space. In sum  , we have theoretically and empirically demonstrated the convergence of IMRank. In the model  , bags-of-visual terms are used to represent images. Where applicable  , both F-Measures pessimistic and re-weighted are reported. Our experiments on numeric data show that the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test achieves the highest label prediction accuracy of the various statistical hypothesis tests. For instance  , calling routine f of library lib is done by explicitly opening the library and looking up the appropriate routine: The reference can be obtained using the library pathname. The robot then uses a Dijkstra-based graph search 20 to find the shortest path to the destination. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Since a cluster in DBSCAN contains at least one core object  , MinP ts also defines the minimum number of objects in a cluster. Based on the performance values listed in Table 3  , we see that a the categorized and weighted semantic relevance approach performs better than the rest in terms of recall 0.70472 and F 1 measure 0.73757; b the semantic relevance approach in general performs much better than the simple query string match approach; and that c the categorized approach in general performs much better than the not-categorized approach. First  , our proposal performs consistently better than the best DBScan results obtained with cmin = 3. The successive samples evolve from a large population with many redundant data points to a small population with few redundant data points. PLSA found components with rare and long motifs. We tested our conversion using BMEcat files from two manufacturers  , one in the domain of high-tech electronic components Weidmüller Interface GmbH und Co. KG 9   , the other one a supplier of white goods BSH Bosch und Siemens Hausgeräte GmbH 10 . For example  , an edge 1 → 2 means that the client 1 has the client 2 in its CON view. To improve the efficiency of such a deployment  , a dynamic pruning strategy such as Wand 1 could easily be used  , which omits the scoring of documents that cannot reach the top K retrieved set. This usually requires approximately two to three days of work for the first workshop  , and a few hours for the following workshops. These feature vectors are used as input to train a standard self-organizing map. The parameters  , Eps and MinP ts  , are critical inputs for DBSCAN. As shown in Table 4  , the proposed methods outperformed TF*IDF in terms of multiple metrics. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. A more general definition of a pattern can involve mixed node types within one pattern  , but is beyond the scope of this paper. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . II. Note that " Raw " means k-NN search based on vectors w BW and w W C . 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. This is quite opposite to what has been chosen in the minimisation for the DLS law in Eq.5 and hence the necessity for λ. texts  , pictures and physical models see Figure1 and requires analytical  , graphical and physical forms of representation. A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. We see from Table 1that our method was particularly fast. The average pooling of word embedding vector utilizes word embeddings in a low-dimensional continuous space where relevant words are close to each other. Unlike gradient descent  , in SGD  , the global objective function L D θ is not accessible during the stochastic search. We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. This behavior promotes the local cache. Next we examined transitive retrieval to gauge its impact on notranslation CLIR. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. where µt and Σt are prior mean and prior covariance matrix respectively. Fig 10 depictsthe experimental set up. The LFA strategy is a special case of the generalized LFA strategy with l = 1. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. retrieveD :-aboutD ,"retrieval". In whatever experiments  , the BCDRW method significantly outperforms the BASIC method. If we were to execute these AQ i queries  , those with non-empty results will comprise the exact set of suspicious queries. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. Window split is particularly useful when scaling the logical window size for an SQF with complexity higher than On over the window size. Quinlan introduced this approach using a depth-first search of the bounding hierarchy  141. Besides  , a key difference between BMKLSH and some existing Multi-Kernel LSH MKLSH 37 is the bit allocation optimization step to find the parameter b1  , . In general  , heuristic rules are not designed to optimize the performance  , and thus cannot consistently yield good scheduling results for various the traffic profiles. To determine the statistical significance of the Pearson correlation coefficient r  , the p − value has been used in this work. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . We use |C1|/|C| to calculate the precision  , |C1+C2+C3|/|C| to evaluate the relevance precision. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. The effectiveness of the various query translation methods for CLIR was then investigated. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. In order to evaluate the effect of adding word embeddings  , we introduce two extensions to the baselines that use the embedding features: Embedding  , Single that uses a single embedding for every document F c e features  , and Embedding  , POS that maintains different embeddings for common nouns  , proper nouns and verbs F p e features; see Section 3.1 for details. Therefore  , neural word embedding method such as 12  aims to predict context words by the given input word while at the same time  , learning a real-valued vector representation for each word. 1a. , a model of the assignment of indexing terms to documents. These observations show that it is very important to explore the power of multiple kernels for KLSH in some real-world applications. The Digital Mechanism and Gear Library is a heterogeneous digital library with regard to the resources and media types. Despite the success  , most existing KLSH techniques only adopt a single kernel function. Note that although the current version of NL-Graphs has been tested with DBpedia  , it can be easily configured to query other datasets. Comparing to the distributions computed with PLSA  , we see that with Net- PLSA  , we can get much smoother distributions. This clearly illustrates the strength of our approach in handling noisy data. A page was said to include an attribute-value pair only when a correspondence between the attribute and its value could be visually recognized as on the left side of Figure 1. In our work  , we use external resources in a different way: we are targeting better candidate generation and ranking by considering the actual answer entities rather than predicates used to extract them. The tracking performances after ONE learning trial with q=20 are summarized in Table 1. To make sure that SDM-CA is not overfit  , we run SDM using a standard weighting scheme 0.8  , 0.1  , 0.1 and got very close results with respect to MAP – 0.258 on SemSearch ES  , 0.196 on ListSearch  , 0.114 on INEX-LD  , 0.186 on QALD-2  , and 0.193 on the query set including all queries. Previous work 1 approximated the PDF using weighted Parzen windows. In order to compare to DBSCAN  , we only use the number of points here since DBSCAN can only cluster points according to their spatial location. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . Based on this observed transition and reward the Q-function is updated using In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. Finally  , to compute term similarity we used publicly available 5 pre-trained word embedding vectors. The two diagrams in Figure 5show how the performance changes  , when the LUBM and BSBM queries are executed on increasingly large datasets. By a separately trained word embedding model using large corpus in a totally unsupervised fashion  , we can alleviate the negative impact from limited word embedding training corpus from only labeled queries. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. The CNN structure used in this paper is illustrated in Fig. We have thus demonstrated how the Kolmogorov- Smirnov Test may be used in identifying the proportion of features which are significantly different within two data samples. Lib instances. A stochastic game may last either a finite or infinite number of stages. Iterative computation methods for fitting such a model to a table are described in Christensen 2 . The efficiency of it to improve the performance of IR has been affirmed widely. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The size of table productfeatureproduct is significantly bigger than the table product 280K rows vs 5M rows. In training  , an autoencoder is given the input x ∈ R n as both training instance and label. , see 16 . Section 7 and 8 compare our system with structural query translation and MTbased CLIR. Hence  , in contrast with AquaLog  , which simply needs to retrieve all semantic resources which are based on a given ontology  , PowerAqua has to automatically identify the relevant semantic markup from a large and heterogeneous semantic web 2 . Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. A summary of the results is reported in Table 1. However there is no finite bound on the length of the plan. This property makes the numerical model more reliable for future wing kinematics optimization studies. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. We have developed and analyzed two schemes to compute the probing sequence: step-wise probing and query-directed probing. With regard to recall  , Random Indexing outperforms the other approaches for 200 top-ranked suggestions. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. The robust downhill simplex method is employed to solve this equation. Some examples of catalog group hierarchies considered in the context of this paper are proprietary product taxonomies like the Google product taxonomy 16 and the productpilot category system 17  the proprietary category structure of a subsidiary of Messe Frankfurt   , as well as product categories transmitted via catalog exchange formats like BMEcat 4 18. syntactic and semantic information . Once the learned policy is good enough to control the robot  , the second phase of learning begins. is based on stochastic gradient descent  , some parameters such as learning rate need to be tuned. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Today's compilers are quite sophisticated and are capable of using performance information to improve optimization. Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. , 5  , 8  , 13  , 141. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. We conduct CLIR experiments using the TREC 6 CLIR dataset described in Section 5.1. This representation is finally translated into a binary image signature using random indexing for efficient retrieval. According to the precedent theory the matrix inp&-output relation is given by y = Hu  , where H is the transfer function matrix. The main contribution of this paper is in laying the foundations for a semantic search engine over XML documents. Computing the dK-2 distributions is also a factor  , but rarely contributes more than 1 hour to the total fitting time. Overall  , English-French CLIR was very effective  , achieving at least 90% of monolingual MAP when translation alternatives with very low probability were excluded. Figure 2a shows the percent of different nodes in two successive iterations. In this section  , we discuss to combine multi-domain relevance for tag recommendation MRR. We compare the proposed LWH with six stat-of-the-art hashing methods including four unsupervised methods LSH 1  , SH 11  , AGH 5  , KLSH 4  , one supervisedsemi method SSH 9  , and one list-wise supervised method RSH 10. Moreover  , the DD-MCMC method shows the best performance among all of the methods. This last point is important since typically search engine builders wish to keep their scoring function secret because it is one of the things that differentiates them from other sources. Here we propose to learn the affirmative and negated word embedding simultaneously . The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. the action-value in the Q-learning paradigm. the above procedure probabilistically converges to the optimal value function 16. The same values of ρ and K as GMRFmix are used for the 1 regularization coefficient and U  , respectively. First  , since the neural language model essentially exploits word co-occurrence in a text corpus   , for a label of relatively low occurrence  , its embedding vector could be unreliable for computing its similarity to images and other labels. What is shown at each point in the figure is the monolingual percentage of the CLIR MAP. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. These parts tend to be shorter. Federated search is a well-explored problem in information retrieval research. Starting from a random public user  , we iteratively built a mutual graph of users in a Breadth First Search BFS manner. It does have an analogy to the generalized likelihood ratio test Z  when the error function is the log-likelihood function. During query execution the engine determines trust values with the simple  , provenance-based trust function introduced before. Specifically  , I would like to name some key people making RaPiD7 use reality. Notice that the repetitive controller is included in digital form  , and is expressed as : Simply put  , RaPiD7 is a method in which the document in hand is authored in a team in consecutive workshops. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. With Q-Learning  , the learning rate is modeled as a function. These operations are executed through the standard semaphore technique Dijkstra DijSS using only one lock type. We restrict the training pages to the first k pages when traversing the website using breadth first search. In DBSCAN  , the concepts of core objects and reachability are defined. The final generalization of the Support Vector Machine is to the nonseparable case. Section 3 addresses the concept and importance of transductive inference  , together with the review of a well-known transductive support vector machine provided by T. Joachims. Most present CLIR methods fall into three categories: dictionary-based  , MT-based and corpus-based methods 1 . The resulting path will have the minimum nilinher of turns i n it by definition of breadth-first search. 7. Fig- ure 3 and at all ranks Figure 4. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. A sample top-down search for a hypothetical hierarchy and query is given in Figure 2. We aggregate the top n representative articles over all the time frames in a community evolution path. Figure  12shows the experimental set-up for measurement of S. The rotating mass exerts a centerifugal sinusoidal force on the tool bit. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. Our unsupervised scoring function is based on 3 main observations. Shannon entropy in the past has been successfully used as a regularizing principle in optical image reconstruction problems. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. More concretely  , to automatically construct the lexical paraphrase matrix we follow a simple three-step procedure: Learn Word Embeddings: Learn a set of word embedding vectors using Word2vec 9  on a background corpus containing the same type of documents that are to be expanded. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The general idea of our approach is that we observe or simulate an existing system  , and the model is built based on the observations i.e. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. 6 Combined Query Likelihood Model with Submodular Function: re-rank retrieved questions by combined query likelihood model system 2 using submodular function. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. Viterbi recognizer search. Our goal is to guess the best rating. In information theory  , entropy measures the disorder or uncertainty associated with a discrete  , random variable  , i.e. But without the predictive human performance modeling provided by CogTool  , productivity of skilled users would not be able to play any role at all in the quantitative measures required. where we assume that a the preference is independent of the next card given the context and b the item action model is independent of the context given the item of interest to the user  , both of which are very reasonable in general. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . The task of the horizontal model H Model is to estimate the distribution of H: P H. The Q-learning agent is connected to the scaled model via actuation and sensing lines. tasks. 12 Although the most recent version of the application profile  , from September 2004 13  , retains the prohibition on role refinement of <dc:creator>  , the efforts the DC- Lib group made to find some mechanism for communicating this information supports the view that role qualification is considered important. This can be calculated in JavaScript. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. The people who would traditionally participate the inspections are the people who will participate the RaPiD7 workshops  , too. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. The resulting hashing method achieves better performance than LSH for audio retrieval. Once a model has been selected to represent a subsystem  , the unknown parameters identification is required. Conduct curve fitting for sampled distance and zoom level as in Based on the results of this study our future research will involve the identification of language pairs for which fuzzy translation is effective  , the improvement of the rules for example  , utilising rule co-occurrence information  , testing the effects of tuning a confidence factor by a specific language pair  , selecting the best TRT and fuzzy matching combination  , and testing how to apply fuzzy translation in actual CLIR research. This also reflects that apps tend to go through a series of revisions before being generally favorable; after which the subsequent versions show a decline in general interest  , and this suggests the peripheral nature of the subsequent revisions. Users struggled to understand why the returned set lacked semantic relevance. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Experimental results are presented in section 4 conclusions are drawn in section 5. To quantify the correlation with established query level metrics  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient between DSAT correlation and: i average clickthrough rate  , ii average NDCG@1  , and iii average NDCG@3. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. As O is computed by summing the loss for each user-POI pair  , we adopt the stochastic gradient descent SGD method for optimization . Table 1summarizes the notations used in our models. special effects. Since log L is a strictly increasing function  , the parameters of Θ which maximize log-likelihood of log L also maximize the likelihood L 31. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. In the predictive display application we do not sample different objects or faces  , but closely spaced images from the same objects and scene under varying poses. We compared SPARQL2NL with SPARTIQULATION on a random sample of 20 queries retrieved from the QALD-2 benchmark within a blind survey: We asked two SPARQL experts to evaluate the adequacy and fluency of the verbalizations achieved by the two approaches. For query optimization  , we show how the DataGuide can be used as a parh index. We cannot recognize the parts hlowever. A comparison to these results is neceamry   , even more sinc8~hi- erarchical fmture maps are built up from a number of insb pendent self-organizing maps. In order to improve the quality of opinion extraction results  , we extracted the title and content of the blog post for indexing because the scoring functions and Lucene indexing engine cannot differentiate between text present in the links and sidebars of the blog post. The main difficulties for CLIR are the disambiguation of the query term in the source and target language and the identification of the query language. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The Change Detection CD module is presented in Section 4.2. In STFT  , we consider frequency distribution over a short period of time. The depth-first search instead of the breadth-first search is used because many previous studies strongly suggest that a depth-first search with appropriate pseudo-projection techniques often achieves a better performance than a breadth-first search when mining large databases. Mathematical details of support vector machine can be found in 16J. Interest in Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR has grown rapidly in recent years l 2 3 . In each scenario we had 10 indexes for each team member and 55 different access combinations  , although the indexes in S4 are of different size to S1  , S2 and S3 because in S1  , S2 and S3 we can theoretically exclude everything from the collection whereas for S4 this is dependent on the query pool. We present two Linked Data-based methods: 1 a structure-based similarity based solely on exploration of the semantics defined concepts and relations in an RDF graph  , 2 a statistical semantics method  , Random Indexing  , applied to the RDF in order to calculate a structure-based statistical semantics similarity. To capture the behavior of SaaSs and IaaS in this conflicting situation game in which what a SaaS or the IaaS the players of the game does directly affects what others do  , we consider the Generalized Nash game13  , 15  , which is broadly used in Game Theory and other fields. We chose to check for the number of shops offering products using a sample size of 90 random product EANs from BSH BMEcat. Baseline for comparison was a simple string match of the query to interpretation words having a ratio greater than 0.5 5 . This in contrast with the probabilistic model of information retrieval . A 3-state Viterbi decoder is first used to find the most likely sequence of states given a stream. This approach provides a clean  , powerful method for working with a program specification to either derive a program structure which correctly implements the specification  , or just as important to identify portions of the specification which are incomplete or inconsistent. In this vein  , optimizing over this group of tasks concurrently should yield another unique  , optimal morphology. If not  , what initial ranking corresponds to a better result ? As above  , the learning of Q-vaille and the learning of the motion make progress giving an effect with each other. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. Shannon proposed to measure the amount of uncertainty or entropy in a distribution. LSTM models are defined as follows: given a sequence of inputs  , an LSTM associates each position with input  , forget  , and output gates  , denoted as it  , ft  , and ot respectively. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions.  WMD  , a word embedding-based framework using the Word Mover's Distance 15  to measure the querydocument relevance  , based on a word embedding vector set trained from Google News 19. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. and search the other subranges breadth-first. Based on this prediction  , we propose a semantic relevance calculation on categorized interpretations. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. Thus  , we use an optimization method based on the downhill simplex method 9  , which is a kind of direct search method. In the future  , we plan to extend our work to the more open setup  , similar to the QALD hybrid task  , where questions no longer have to be answered exclusively from the KB. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. Fortunately  , sensor images are often observed in a local context: the complete situation is not of particular interest and a subspace containing all necessary information for determining the action values can be found. To ensure the FFT functioned appropriately  , the data was limited to a range which covered only an integer number of cycles. As of today  , these two approaches i.e. One key question is how to determine the weights for kernel combination. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. Many learning sessions have been performed  , obtaining quickly good results. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. In this section  , we show the effectiveness of our approach for CLIR. The common thread here is that the most plausible experiments are on real or realistic data; search tasks such as to find the documents on computer science in a collection of chemical abstracts seeded with a small number of articles by Knuth and Dijkstra are unlikely to be persuasive Tague-Sutcliffe  , 1992. Moreover  , game theory focuses on conceptualizations for strategic interaction. We first explored the viability of no-translation CLIR on a broader range of disparate language pairs than has been heretofore reported. The α-cut value guarantees that every pair of linked information items has a semantic relevance of at least α.  QALD-2: The Question Answering over Linked Data challenge aims to answer natural language questions e.g. In this paper  , we presented an optimal control a p proach to generating paths for robots  , extended our contact model to apply generally rather than specifically  , and discussed the derivatives that the general contact model in conjunction with the optimal control a p proach require. , γ j . Any truly holistic query optimization approach compromises the extensibility of the system. As seen in Figure 2   , both probabilistic methods  , i.e. However there are a very few extreme rainfall cases compared to normal or no rainfall cases  , that is the data set is biased. , passages which match all/most query words get priority. Each online merchant can then use this rich manufacturer information to augment and personalize their own offering of the product in question. The key of most techniques is to exploit random projection to tackle the curse of dimensionality issue  , such as Locality-Sensitive Hashing LSH 20   , a very well-known and highly successful technique in this area. In the mathematical literature  , breadth first search Is typically preferred. We also include an additional baseline that uses multi-task learning Caruana  , 1993 to learn separate parameters for each entity  , called Baseline  , Multi-task. Random Forest is the classifier used. It is also expected as a result that the use of structured data in terms of the GoodRelations vocabulary by manufacturers and online retailers will bring additional benefits derived from being part of the Web of Data  , such as Search Engine Optimization SEO in the form of rich snippets 4   , or the possibility of better articulating the value proposition of products on the Web. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. The presence of the FUNIT element helps to distinguish quantitative properties from datatype and qualitative properties  , because quantitative values are determined by numeric values and units of measurements  , e.g. In order to link catalog groups and products  , BMEcat maps group identifiers with product identifiers using PROD- UCT TO CATALOGGROUP MAP. Initialization. In summary  , this probabilistic retrieval model considers the relevance at three different levels: document  , passage and entity. The above measure of pD depends on our knowledge of the relevance probability of every document in the set to the query. The loss function of an autoencoder with a single hidden layer is given by  , The hidden layer gets to learn a compressed representation of the input  , such that the original input can be regenerated from it. An acceptable level of quality in the documentation can be reached in a rather short time frame using a method called RaPiD7 Rapid Production of Documents  , 7 steps. IMRank2 consistently provides better influence spread than PMIA and IRIE  , and runs faster than them. Large η vales may lead to serious over-fitting. The parameters of the document language models are estimated by interpolating relative frequency of occurrence of the term w in the document D with the relative frequency of occurrence in the document collection C. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. Based on the above conclusion  , as long as the current ranking is not a self-consistent ranking  , in each iteration all the values of Ik1 ≤ k ≤ n are nondecreasing  , and at least one Ik increases. We tested the two BMEcat conversions using standard validators for the Semantic Web  , presented in Section 3.1. Several probabilistic retrieval models for integrating term statistics with entity search using multiple levels of document context to improve the performance of chemical patent invalidity search. The HEC utilizes the Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test to determine the compactness of a data cluster 13  , and decide if a node should be divided mitosis to better model what might be two different clusters. Whereas the quasi-steady model requires fitting coefficients   , this numerical model is rigorously derived from Navier Stokes equations and does not require fitting pa-rameters. We ran CLIR and computed MAP at different Cumulative Probability Thresholds CPT. At the meta-broker end  , we believe that our results can also be helpful in the design of the target scoring function  , and in distinguishing cases where merging results is meaningful and cases where it is not. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. The worst performance is by LD. Intuitively  , affirmative negated words are mapped to the affirmative negated representations  , which can be used to predict the surrounding words and word sentiment in affirmative negated context. For this  , we measured the performance on large BSBM and LUBM data sets while varying the number of nodes used. PLSA is most suitable for count data instead of binary data  , which may be one of the reasons why PLSA did not cover the data well. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. In this section  , we conduct experiments on MNIST dataset to investigate the discipline of the optimal number K opt of selected features in the sub-region  , which is the key factor in the proposed local R 2 FP. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. In the rank scoring metric  , method G-Click has a significant p < 0.01 23.37% improvement over method WEB and P-Click method have a significant p < 0.01 23.68% improvement over method WEB. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. The lower bound of wilson confidence interval for this ratio in multiple sessions is used as the final feature value. Rule-based query optimization is not an entirely new idea: it is borrowed from relational query optimization  , e.g. Therefore  , we cannot use a standard MCMC recipe. If a query consists of several independent parts e.g. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. Section 2 addresses the drawback of the least-square optimization. The figures depict the resulting clusters found by DBSCAN for two different values for and a fixed value for M inP ts; noise objects in these figures are shown as circles. We measure the compressibility of the data using zero order Shannon entropy H on the deltas d which assumes deltas are independent and generated with the same probability distribution  , where pi is the probability of delta i in the data: It also reduces the delta sizes as compared to URL ordering  , with approximately 71.9% of the deltas having the value one for this ordering. '#N BigCC' is the number of the nodes in the biggest connected component of the roadmap  , '#edges' is the total number of edges  , and '#N path' is the number of roadmap nodes in the final folding path. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . On the other hand  , it is apparent that to fully benefit from RaPiD7 training is required  , too. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. 2 11 queries with monolingual average precision lower than CLIR. : Finally  , we compute the cosine similarity sij ∈ ℜ between the embeddings of every word wi ∈ ℜ D   , wj ∈ ℜ D   , where D is the word embedding dimensionality  , and threshold the resulting similarities using a threshold θ ∈ ℜ. The simpler MoIR models may be directly derived from the more general CLIR setting. Experiments on several benchmark collections showed very strong per-formances of LIT-based term weighting schemes. While TagAssist did not outperform the original tag set  , the performance is significantly better than the baseline system without tag compression and case evaluation. It is a time-synchronous Viterbi decoder with dynamic expansion of LM state conditioned lexical trees 3  , 18  , 20  with acoustic and language model lookaheads. However given the same set of web-based information  , the Human Interest Model consistently outperforms the soft-pattern model for all four entity types. Our approach to CLIR in MEDLINE is to exploit the UMLS Metathesaurus and its multilingual components. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. However  , we know the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T ,. Another benchmark dataset – WebQuestions – was introduced by Berant et al. while the one based on the second strategy is  The first function counts  , for all entries considered as possible duplicates  , the ones that are indeed duplicates. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. If A is a D × D matrix  , this problem corresponds to the work in 13; if A is a d × D matrix where d < D  , this problem corresponds to the work in 18. We report the results of our deep learning model on the TRAIN and TRAIN-ALL sets also when additional word overlap features are used. This is an interesting result  , because although they perceived it as less safe  , they trusted it more when it comes to an economic game. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. In this paper we are in­ terestcd in problems with tree-like linkage structures. For a given Latent Semantic Space In this work we use the Euclidean distance to measure the relevance between a query and a document. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. , ridge regularization. It is the same engine that was used for previous TREC participations e.g.   , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. We begin with a brief introduction to word embedding techniques and then motivate how can these be applied in IR. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. Finally fourier coefficients are calculated by Fast Fourier Transform FIT  , these coefficients are to the control pc via TCP/IP in order be for trigonometric interpolation in the robot control software motion generator. This measure should therefore be used in the end-user applications  , as the users can typically consult only a limited number of top-ranked suggestions. Digital items of this type represent cohesive semantic units that may be substantial in size  , requiring extensive effort to assess for relevance. Two set of queries are used to perform two tasks: building a type summary and calculating some bibliometrics-based summary. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. For the search backend  , Apache Lucene 14 is a search engine library with support for full text search via a fairly expressive query language   , extensible scoring  , and high performance indexing. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. Discovery date. At least as serious  , the single existing set of relevance judgements we know of is extremely limited; this means that evaluating music- IR systems according to the Cranfield model that is standard in the text-IR world…is impossible  , and no one has even proposed a realistic alternative to the Cranfield approach for music. The pvalue denotes how likely the hypothesis of no correlation between the predicted and label data points is true. Periodic recomputation of the optimal leader and follower trajectories was employed to compensate for robot modeling inaccuracies. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. In that case a sparsity constraint is imposed on the hidden units. The MCMC technique iteratively produces successive samples containing border points from the previously identified borders. The gold standard-based evaluation reveals a superior performance of hyProximity in cases where precision is preferred; Random Indexing performed better in case of recall. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. We argue that the current indexing models have not led to improved retrieval results. Strictly speaking the objective does not decouple entirely in terms of φ and ψ due to the matrices My and Ms. Eq6 is minimized by stochastic gradient descent. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Then we fine-tune the weights of the encoder by minimizing the following objective function: We use stacked RBMs to initialize the weights of the encoder we can also optionally further use a deep autoencoder to find a better initialization. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. The topics to generate terms are local topics   , which are derived from global topics. On the other hand  , a more standard assumption in economic theory is the ET game; in the ET game  , if there are ties the revenue is shared equally. deg. For example  , if the query is " night "   , relevant pictograms are first selected using the highest semantic relevance value in each pictogram  , and once candidate pictograms are selected  , the pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category  , which in this case is the TIME category. The autoencoder tries to minimize Eq. , 1975. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. Since the temporal data from 'gentle interaction' trials were made of many blobs  , while temporal data from 'strong interaction' trials were mainly made of peaks  , we decided to focus on the Fourier spectrum also called frequency spectrum  which a would express these differences: for gentle interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for lower frequencies while for strong interaction  , there would be higher amplitudes for higher frequencies. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. A system that can effectively propose relevant tags has many benefits to offer the blogging community. N is the number of stochastic gradient descent steps. The modeled eye movement features are described in Section 4.1. One model for this is to consider that a user's perceived relevance for a document is factored by the perceived cost of reading the document. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. Second point is the handling of the penalty. The inference is performed by Variational EM. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. We argue that several issues are overlooked in the semantic embedding method 9. robot and obstacles 12. £ View matching must be integrated with cost-based plan enumeration. Active constraints prevent µ max from being further increased by the optimization. In the following sections we will provide details of LHD-d  , and evaluate it afterwards in the above environment. To bootstrap this rst training stage  , an initial state-level segmentation was obtained by a Viterbi alignment using our last evaluation system. In literature  , multi-view learning is a well-studied area which learns from data that do not share common feature space 27. Learning-based approaches have commonly been used to build predictive models of human behavior and to control behaviors of embodied conversational agents e.g. We employ the Self-Organizing Map SOM  9 to create a map of a musical archive  , where pieces of music sounding similar are organized next to each other on the two-dimensional map display. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. It is shown in figure 4. First  , we see that both pLSA and LapPLSA with different resources  can outperform the baseline. 2 describe a system for timbre classification to identify 12 instruments in both clean and degraded conditions. While most existing studies have concentrated on CLIR between English and one or more European languages  , there is a need to develop methods for CLIR between European and Asian languages . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. Figure 5shows the Entropy values for the actual data and models. The key contributors in developing the method itself have been Riku Kylmäkoski  , Oula Heikkinen  , Katherine Rose and Hanna Turunen. cannot degrade retrieval effectiveness to a given rank K – and use docid sorted posting lists  , as deployed by at least one major search engine 12. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. Based on the assumptions defined above  , in this section we propose a Two-Dimensional Click Model TDCM to explain the observed clicks. Their correct translation therefore is crucial for good performance of machine translation MT and cross-language information retrieval CLIR systems. Another issue for MQ is about threshold learning. We also develop a GUI tool to help users to construct queries in case they are not familiar with the SPARQL syntax. This problem may be alleviated by specifying DMP values for different overlapping classes of transaction types  , which is supported by some TP monitors. The set of these archives is not pre-defined  , but new archives can be added over the lifetime of the system. The walker lays a softmax-like smoothing over the in-degrees of all target nodes e deg − s/10 ; it then chooses the next node according to given probability leading to a small stochastic effect. , the ratio of the obtained influence spread in each iteration to the obtained influence spread when IMRank converges. In Fig.8  , this is shown as pointer b. , n  , IMRank eventually converges to a self-consistent ranking within a finite number of iterations  , starting from any initial ranking. The whole transition matrix is then written as follows: The incrementing of document scores in this way is ba.sed on a probabilistic model of retrieval described in Croft's paper. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. We created a corpus of SPARQL queries using data from the QALD-1 5 and the ILD2012 challenges. It is designed to be used with formal query method and does not incorporate IR relevance measurements. The log-likelihood metric shows how well a time model explains the observed times between user actions. , πn is the value of the g minus the tax numeraire  , given by: uic = vig − πi. we perform a breadth first search. This figure shows a sensor scan dots at the outside  , along with the likelihood function grayly shaded area: the darker a region  , the smaller the likelihood of observing an obstacle. Similarly  , the weighted permutation entropy scores did not exhibit a significant difference over the latency conditions  , for permutations of order With respect to the EDA data  , the obtained Shannon entropy scores did not change significantly across the latency conditions χ 2 3 = 3.40  , p > .05. In our example  , the Semantic GrowBag uses statistical information to compute higher order co-occurrences of keywords. Using MCMC  , we queried for the probability of an individual being a ProblemLoan. Similarities are only computed between words in the same word list. Assume there is a known minimal Figure 6shows the performance of Branch and Bound compared with Dijkstra. Our work however differs from their method in several aspects. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Here 2 × cs denotes the length of the context for the sentence sequence. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. After this threshold the mixed hyProximity is a better choice. In each case the coefficient is equivalent to the log-odds logp/1-p of correctness conditioned on the overlap feature assuming a given value. We describe how we train the Word Embedding models in Section 5. As T + 0  , softmax action selection is the same as greedy action selection. The two are related quantities with different focuses. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. By contrast  , the control information for the self-folding sheet described here is encoded in the design itself. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. On the other hand  , formal RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions can be quite alike. To implement the TDSSM and MR-TDSSM  , we used Theano 1 and Keras 2 . We then refine the association matrix probabilistically. c z  ⊤ for object i then the joint likelihood is Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. The shapes of the bodies are various for each person. The pictograms are ranked with the most relevant pictogram starting from the left. Our interest is less in developing or arguing for any particular measures than in using them to explore hypotheses about model-based measures in general. In the CLR  , the privilege-asserting API is Assert. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. CLIR is to retrieve documents in one language target language providing queries in another language source language. It is no surprise that these different methods provide and promote similar kind of techniques for effective documentation work. Clusters are then formed based on these concepts. In response  , there has been much research exploring the principles and technologies behind this functionality. The Fourier coefficients are used as features for the classification. Let us first consider the special case when λ = 0. Where TSV means Term Selection Value that is used to rank terms. In practice it is usually easier to equivalently maximize the log-likelihood: The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. For each node  , add the costs computed by the two dijkstra searches. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. We have chosen to search the LUB-tree hierarchy in a breadth-first manner  , as opposed to a depth-first search as in Quinlan 24 . We selected two corpora to work from. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. Details of these datasets appear in Appendix A. In Section 4  , we highlight the requirements for the design of an effective solution supporting collaborative privacy management . Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. The form of SA used is a variation of the Nelder-Mead downhill simplex method  , which incorporates a random variable to overcome local minima 9. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. Figure 3 a and b present the topical communities extracted with the basic PLSA model  , and Figure 3c and d present the topical communities extracted with NetPLSA. One such study is Tschang's qualitative investigation of 65 game development project postmortems  , finding significant differences between game development and other creative industries 15. Semantic Sequencing. In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. Such situations never arise in traditional work on materialized view maintenance GM95  , Kuc91  , GMS93  , SJ96 where all the base data is usually assumed to be available . We show that the proposed general framework has a close relationship with the Pairwise Support Vector Machine. Thus  , Dijkstra quickly becomes infeasible for practical purposes; it takes 10 seconds for 1000 services per task  , and almost 100 seconds for 3000 services per task. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. In general  , a better fit corresponds to a bigger LL and/or a smaller KS-distance. This has the effect of reducing both false positives  , i. e. useless documents that fail to fulfill the user's needs  , and false negatives  , i. e. useful documents that the system fails to deliver  , from the retrieved set. The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. In order to use gradient descent to find the weight values that maximize our optimization function we need to define a continuous and differentiable loss function  , F loss . recommend to use UN/ CEFACT 14 common codes to describe units of measurement. The rationale for this choice  , as well as the underlying mathematics  , is described in detail later in this article. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. Differences are related to the goals of the methods and the scope of using the methods in software development projects. A Fast Fourier Transform FFT based method WiaS employed to compute the robot's C-space. The comparison is based on Hamming Embedding  , which compresses a descriptor's 64 floating numbers into a single 64-bit word while preserving the ability to estimate the distance between descriptors. The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. For example  , what is new topic-related information for one individual may not be new information for another. Shannon Entropy is defined as To answer this question  , we calculate the Shannon Entropy of each user from the distribution of categories across their sessions. We plan to study these issues in the near future. For each node visited do the following. We next present our random forest model. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: This reduces the cost of calculating the normalization factor from O|V| to Olog |V|. Apriori first finds all frequent itemsets of size § before finding frequent itemsets of size § ¦ . Since coverage tends to increase with sequence length  , the DFS strategy likely finds a higher coverage sequence faster than the breadth-first search BFS. Paradoxically  , technical terms and names are not generally found in electronic translation dictionaries utilised by MT and CLIR systems. However  , the number of iterations until convergence can be large. Finally  , to address the varying number of checkins per user  , we compute the Shannon Entropy of the per user checkin frequency. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Thus  , a signal segment of the former type would be characterised by low entropy. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. We implement two alternative approaches to accomplish this. This brings forth a need for a simple way of describing and extracting a relevant subset of information materialized views over large RDF stores. Another data quality problem reported is the usage of non-uniform codes for units of measurement  , instead of adhering to the recommended 3-letter UN/CEFACT common codes e.g. " The about predicate says that d1 is about 'databases' with 0.7 probability and about 'retrieval' with 0.5 probability . This approach uses intuition similar to He's work on CLIR 9. The first four columns show the name  , the lines of code  , the number of threads  , and the bug type. , 2010. when assuming that n defects are contained in the document . Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. CyCLaDEs improves LDF approach by hosting behavioral caching resources on the clients-side. Wang & Manning  , 2010 35 develop a probabilistic Also  , some approaches would face difficulty mapping the expression die from to the object property dbo:deathCause linking dbo:Person and dbo:Disease concepts. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. However   , words are discrete by nature; it seems nonsensical to feed word indexes to DNNs. The self-folding time was also relatively short. , the average intensity of the stripe region  , so that the Fourier spectrums obtained from other images can be compared. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. The results are available in tab. In this paper  , we first analyze the theoretical property of KLSH to better understand the behavior and capacity of KLSH in similarity search. Out of these posts  , 1.9M posts are tagged with an average of 1.75 tags per post. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. In all our experiments  , we fix σ 2 = 9; experiments with several other values in the range of 3 to 20 did not yield much difference. The localization method that we use constructs a likelihood function in the space of possible robot positions. We will now introduce an example and concretize the mapping strategy. Because of the compactness  , the embedding can be efficiently stored and compared. The tutorial begins with a basic introduction to the notions and techniques used throughout the theoretical literature . Applied to the gene expression data  , DBSCAN found 6 relatively large clusters where the fraction of genes with functional relationships was rather small. Without the users the method would merely be a theory. The main difficulty of this approach is feature skew  , where the template slowly stops tracking the feature of interest and creeps onto another feature. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. We calculated Pearson correlation by using SPSS software. a X position b Z position utilized Link's price reflects the interference it gets from the price receiver. If this was not done then Wumpus would attempt to look for tweets containing exactly the topic phrase and this is not generally a desirable behaviour for a search engine.   , βn be coefficients that are estimated by fitting the model to an existing " model building " data set  , where β0 is termed the model " intercept. " The second potential function of the MRF likelihood formulation is the one between pairs of reviewers . This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Ester et al. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. 4.3 on a training data set. Besides the most basic way to incorporate new evidence into an existing probabilistic model  , that is conditional probability  , there are some alternatives such as using Dempster-Shafer theory 5 or cross-entropy 4 . These optional features can then be composed to yield a great variety of customized types for use in applications. The first and simplest level is trying RaPiD7 out according to the general idea of RaPiD7. After some simple but not obvious algebra  , we obtain the following objective function that is equivalent to the likelihood function: Consequently   , the likelihood function for this case can written as well. Definition 1. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Stories are represented as a thumbnail image along with a score thermometer  , a relevance bar to the left of each thumbnail  , with stories listed in relevance order. The working version belongs therefore to the programmer private  , who is capable of modifying it unprotected . , when an individual's behavior is more random higher shannon entropy or LZ compared to other people  , her NST@Self will be ranked higher in the crowd. DBMSs are being used more and more for interactive exploration 7  , 14  , 37  , where users keep refining queries based on previous query results. G-Portal shares similar goals with existing digital libraries such as ADEPT 1  , DLESE 9 and CYCLADES 5 . and their calculation distinguishes the basic CF approaches. Note: ‡ indicates p-value<0.05 compared to MPC These results are consistent with that observed in normal traffic  , confirming the superiority of our TDCM model on relevance modeling. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . We found that the two metrics are slightly correlated Pearson r = 0.3584. Additional opportunities include allowing wildcards to match subexpressions rather than single symbols  , implementing additional query functionality in the engine  , incorporating textual features and context 24  , and integrating Tangent-3 with keyword search. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. The results shown in Table 5 compare the LR system introduced in 46 with a number of systems that use word embeddings in the one-and two-vocabulary settings  , as follows: LR+WE 1 refers to combining the one-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the six features of the LR system from 46  , LR+WE 2 refers to combining the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features with the LR system  , WE 1 refers to using only the one-vocabulary wordembedding-based features  , and WE 2 refers to using only the two-vocabulary word-embedding-based features. The ongoing expansion in the availability of electronic news material provides immediate access to many diaeerent perspectives on the same news stories. We follow recent successes with word embedding similarity and use in this work: The closer the function's value is to 1 the more similar the two terms are. To build the DocSpace  , Semantic Vectors rely on a technique called Random Indexing 4  , which performs a matrix reduction of the term-document matrix. Also  , each method reads all the feature vectors into main memory at startup time. We see that synthetic RDF benchmark data BSBM  , SP2B  , LUBM is fully relational  , and also all dataset with non- RDF roots PubMed  , MusicBrainz  , EuroStat get > 99% coverage. Similar to the Mann-Whitney test  , it does not assume normal distributions of the population and works well on samples with unequal sizes. We calculate these metrics for both the fitted model and the actual data  , and compare the results. Given the retrieval measurements taken for a particular query set and length  , we determined whether the retrieval effectiveness followed a power law distribution by applying the statistical methods by Clauset et al 3. Thus  , the matrix ξ ij   , which is defined as a covariance transfer function  , is computed once using a simulation of the control law π ij . 1a and 1 d. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. We executed ten runs of each LUBM query and in the diagrams report both the average and geometric mean over the fastest runs. The Fourier spectrum is normalized by the DC component  , i.e. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. eClassOWL 6. Most surprisingly  , the RDFa data that dominates WebDataCommons and even DBpedia is more than 90% regular. RQ6 a. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. The authors illustrate that DBSCAN can be used to detect clusters of any shape and can outperform CLARANS by a large margin up to several orders of magnitude. quasi-Newton method. Hence  , the optimum wavelet tree represents the maximum entropy contained in the image and thereby its information content. A short time difference usually indicates the highly temporal relevance between the tweet and the query. The next section presents our method based on term proximity to score the documents. A typical approach is to map a discrete word to a dense  , low-dimensional  , real-valued vector  , called an embedding 19. This approach  , however  , works only for common encoding patterns for range values in text. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as In 18  , convolutional layers are employed directly from the embedded word sequence  , where embedded words are pre-trained separately. The main difference with Eq. The softmax distribution has several important properties. The shakwat group University of Paris 8 experimented with a random-walk approach using a space built using semantic indexing  , and containing the blog posts  , as well as the headlines  , in a window around the date of the topic. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. continents in the world "   , " products of medimmune   , inc. " ;  INEX-LD: this query set covers different types of queries – named entity queries  , type queries  , relation queries  , and attribute queries e.g. " In the sequel all derived relations are assumed to be materialized  , unless stated otherwise. In order to get a better perspective of how well the Human Interest Model performs for different types of topics  , we manually divided the TREC 2005 topics into four broad categories of PER- SON  , ORGANIZATION  , THING and EVENT as listed in Table  3 . We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. SemSearch ES queries that look for particular entities by their name are the easiest ones  , while natural language queries TREC Entity  , QALD-2  , and INEX-LD represent the difficult end of the spectrum. Sample Code Figure 1shows the Java code of two library classes  , Lib and Priv  , and two client classes  , Enterprise and School. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. Inspired by Stochastic Gradient Descent updating rules  , we use the gradient of the loss to estimate the model change. Selected statistics can be found in Table 2. Using each of our approach  , C4.5  , CBA  , and FID  , predictive modeling rules were mined from the dataset for data mining. These metrics use Word Embedding models newly trained using the separate Twitter background dataset  , but making use of the word2vec 5 tool. For NCA  , we use the implementation in the Matlab Toolbox for Dimensionality Reduction 13 . 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. Recommendations to person p are made using: Pm|p ∝ Pp  , m. The idea of having bilingual contexts for each pivot word in each pseudo-bilingual document will steer the final model towards constructing a shared inter-lingual embedding space. K to approximate the result of DBSCAN. Accordingly  , products in GoodRelations are assigned corresponding classes from the catalog group system  , i.e. In the case of Weidmüller  , the conversion result is available online 11 . The likelihood function Eq. Table 4shows a comparison of the recall precision values for the English-Chinese CLIR experimental results. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. We are interested in realizing 1 the possibility of predicting a query term to be translated or not; 2 whether the prediction can effectively improve CLIR performance; and 3 how untranslated OOV and various translations of non-OOV terms affect CLIR performance. Incorporating this additional semantic fact could have helped to improve the relevance of retrieved results. However  , our main interest here is less in accurately modeling term occurrences in documents   , and more in the potential of pLSA for automatically identifying factors that may correspond to relevant concepts or topics. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The model builds a simple statistical language model for each document in the collection. The databases are relatively small. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. IMRank only takes 3 and 5 iterations to achieve a stable and high influence spread under the two models respectively. Figure 2awas taken from these data. First we illustrate the problem and its solution in the presence of hash indices or in the absence of indices on the materialized view. We generate about 70 million triples using the BSBM generator  , and 0.18 million owl:sameAs statements following the aforementioned method. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. Summing over query sessions  , the resulting approximate log-likelihood function is Another future work is to study a hybrid scheme that integrates approximate methods such as LSH with our exact method for larger datasets when a trade-off between speed and accuracy is acceptable. On the other hand  , LSTM-based methods LSTM-only and LSTM-DSSM failed to outperform  the DSSM model  , which indicates that ignoring the longterm user interests may not lead to optimal performance. Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. This is illustrated in Figure 3. Then the receiver's dynamic type must be a subtype of its static type. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. These functional models are digitized and available as videos and interactive animations. He found the logarithm of the number of distinguishable states of the storage device to be intuitively acceptable and that  , when he I used it  , it worked. The user can view the document frequency of each phrase and link to the documents containing that phrase. The transfer function matrix H is doubly-astic. The matrix Kb enters the formulation so that directions of base motion with low stiffness carry a higher weight that those with high stiffness. In this paper we report results of an experimental investigation into English-Japanese CLIR. These properties are considered as random influence. It was pointed out by Dijkstra that the structural complexity of a large software system is greater than that of any other system constructed by man 3  , and that man's ability to handle complexity is severely limited DI ,D2. Furthermore  , millions of training images are needed to build a deep CNN model from scratch. So we adopt a weighting method: Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Random " subsequent queries are submitted to the library  , and the retrieved documents are collected. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Folding in program verification. This section introduces the optimization methodology on Riemannian manifolds. The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The heuristic for the planner uses a 2D Dijkstra search from the goal state. We assume that the torque sensor output is composed of various harmonic waves whose frequencies are unknown. In this section  , we present some specific examples of the number of online retailers that could readily benefit from leveraging our approach. Tuning λ ≥0 is theoretically justified for reducing model complexity  " the effective degree of freedom "  and avoiding over-fitting on training data 5. is the identity matrix. can be clustered into two groups  , words closely related to a specific query topic and general background words. However  , agile modeling does not provide a cookbook type of approach for authoring documents  , as RaPiD7 does. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. It runs the Linux operating system with a 2.6.9 kernel. Thus  , the Shannon Entropy forms a type of lower bound on the dimensionality of the index space. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. We generated AR 1 time-series of length 256. Each sequence was used to train one threedimensional SOM. Thus make it even tougher for DBSCAN to detect density region. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . For the sake of simplicity  , we do not distinguish between a transition and it's corresponding state variable. We also ensured that the queries used were different from those used in Task 2  , in order to avoid training effects on particular questions. Weston et al 30 propose a joint word-image embedding model to find annotations for images. ueu In this section  , we compare individual vs. aggregate levels of customer modeling. Therefore  , to estimate the novelty of the information provided by each trail source  , we first had to construct a model of each user's general interest in the query topic based on historic data. The joint document retrieval model combines keyword-based retrieval models with entity-based retrieval models. This click model is consisted of a horizontal model H Model that explains the skipping behavior  , a vertical model D Model that depicts the vertical examination behavior  , and a relevance model R Model that measures the intrinsic relevance between the prefix and a suggested query. , 19  , 26  , 33. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so The parameter set that best matches all the samples simultaneously will maximize the likelihood function. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. Then 0 is determined from the mean value function. , to distinguish highly personalized SERPs and to discount observed clicks in these sessions. Existing model-fitting methods are typically batchbased i.e. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. Joint application development JAD is a requirements-definition and user-interface design methodology according to Steve McConnell 4. The Ad Hoc task provides a useful opportunity for us to get new people familiar with the tools that we will be using in the CLIR track|this year we submitted a single oocial Ad Hoc run using Inquery 3.1p1 with the default settings. 2014. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query to be generated from a document 16. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. Cases for which both models yield a rather poor account typically correspond to memes that are characterized by either a single burst of popularity or by sequences of such bursts usually due to rekindled interest after news reports in other media. We modeled FFTs in two steps which are considered separately by the database. Since the prototype did not include a general search engine  , the best interface with such systems is unknown. DB2 query optimizer has the' cost function in terms of resource consumption such as t.he CPU 'dime and I/O time. Perhaps the best example of a  It also permits nodes which can represent topographical cues to be freely added and/or removed. 14  recently analyze places and events in a collection of geotagged photos using DBSCAN. We provide a probabilistic model for image retrieval problem. However  , if all violations go through a small set of nodes that are not encountered on the early selected paths or these nodes get stuck on the bottom of the worklist  , then it may be worse than breadth first search. If Rp is too large  , it would require many perturbed queries to achieve good search quality. Figure 2is a flowchart of user interactions under the TDCM model. We note that when sufficient training data is available  , existing techniques for learning ranking functions can be leveraged. Hence  , CLIR experiments were performed with different translations: i.e. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. This is what enables DIR to detect the equilibrium when pb = 1 ≤ 1 2 . A variety of retrieval models have been well studied in information retrieval to model relevance  , such as vector space model  , classic probabilistic model  , and language models 31  , 28  , 34  , 24  , 33  , 38 . Then  , further simulations were performed. The SearchStrategy class hierarchy shown in Figure 6grasps the essence of enumerative strategies. Applying MLE to graph model fitting  , however  , is very difficult. Figure 1shows appropriate sequences of such steps. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Figure 1' which are acquired through repeated exposures t o the particular sounds of interest. Ranking the words according to their scores. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. This work can be characterized as demonstrating the utility of learning explicit models to allow mental simulation while learning 2. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Therefore while any move that is a true downhill step will be accepted  , some additional uphill steps will also be accepted. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. Indeed  , training a classifier on the Shannon entropy of a user's distribution of NRC categories achieved good performance on FOLLOWERS and KLOUT  , with accuracies of 65.36% and 62.38% respectively both significant at p < 0.0001. The noise in the content may create errors while doing document retrieval thus drastically reducing the precision of retrieval. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. A major motivation for us to develop the cross-language meaning matching model is to improve CLIR effectiveness over a strong CLIR baseline. Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. Phrasal translation approach 17  , 11 was inspected for improving CLIR performance. PLSA was originally used in text context for information retrieval and now has been used in web data mining 5. It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference and  , since the PL-EM is more stable than CL-EM  , 10 rounds of EM. Meng et al. Each dataset has its own community of 50 clients running BSBM queries. In practice  , it is closer to a depth-first search with some backtracking than to a breadth-first search. CLIR methods involving machine translation systems  , bilingual dictionaries  , parallel and comparable collections are currently being  explored. Random Forest. The presented results are preliminary. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? LIB is similar in spirit to IDF and its value represents the discriminative power of the term when it appears in a document. Xser 26   , the most successful system in QALD-4 and QALD-5  , uses a twostep architecture. Its calculation depends on both the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. by using dynamic programming. Bilingual dictionaries have been used in several CLIR experiments. However  , denoising autoencoders avoid these approaches by randomly corrupting the input x prior to training. Further more  , our proposal achieves better performance efficiently and can learn much higher dimensional word embedding informatively on the large-scale data. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Lib. In practice  , forward selection procedures can be seen as a breadth-first search. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. The average mutual information Shannon entropy decrease measures the average information shared by the antecedent and the consequent. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. This baseline system returned the top 10 tags ordered by frequency. The term object type is used to stand for either an entity type or an association type. Each segment  , the entire interval when the sensor is in contact with the object  , is transferred to the frequency domain using Fast Fourier Transform. Since difficult queries mislead the scoring function of the search engine to associate high scores to irrelevant documents  , our computation of relevance probability is also faulty in this case. To solve the problem  , we propose a new probabilistic retrieval method  , Translation model  , Specifications Generation model  , and Review and Specifications Generation model  , as well as standard summarization model MEAD  , its modified version MEAD-SIM  , and standard ad-hoc retrieval method. For our implementation we select Moreover  , breadth first search will find a shortest path  , whereas depth first makes no guarantees about the length of the counter example it will find. The remaining columns show the performance of each method  , including the number of interleavings tested and the run time in seconds. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The workshops are well prepared  , and innovative brainstorming and problem solving methods are used. We then performed the same experiment over different wh-types on 2 more datasets: Training set of QALD-5's Multilingual tract only english queries and OWLS-TC. The time and space complexity of IMRank with the generalized LFA strategy is low. In this way  , the model is able to learn character level " topic " distribution over the features of both scripts jointly. A combination of the downhill simplex method and simulated annealing 9 was used. In our method  , we do the latter  , using already induced word embedding features in order to improve our system accuracy. We will revisit and evaluate some representative retrieval models to examine how well they work for finding related articles given a seed article. Thus  , a breadth-first search for the missing density-connections is performed which is more efficient than a depth-first search due to the following reasons: l When the learning rate eaches zero  , the system has completed its learning.  the autocorrelation of the signal. In Section 4 we describe our evaluation using the BSBM synthetic benchmark  , and three positive experiences of applying our approach in real case projects. Next  , we discuss the quality of our approach in terms of fitting accuracy. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l σ  , the number of documents to which a cluster's score is distributed Equation 3: {5 ,10 ,20 ,30 ,40} ρ  , the number of rounds: 1–2  , Cluster-Audition; 1–5  , Viterbi Doc-Audition and Doc-Audition. However  , IMRank consistently improves the initial rankings in terms of obtained influence spread. The first summand is the fitting constraint  , while the rest constitutes the regularization. The base heuristic is calculated by running a 2D Dijkstra search for the robot base for which the goal region is defined by a circle centered around the x  , y projection of the goal pose. Kernelized LSH KLSH 23 addresses this limitation by employing kernel functions to capture similarity between data points without having to know their explicit vector representation. , d * = argmax d cos u b − ua + uc  , u d . Precision is defined as gcd/gcd+bcd and recall is defined as gcd/gcd+gncd were gcd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are found  , bcd is the number of documents that do not belong to the collection that are found also called false positives and gncd is the number of documents belonging to the collection that are not found also called false negatives. After a document has been chosen it is removed from all rankings it occurs in and all softmax distributions are renormalized. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. L in the Vector Space Model  , whose relevance to some documents have been manually labeled. The general architecture of our model-based a p proach to source separation is outlined in Figure 1. In his method  , stability ana lysis about the whole system is established on the basis of Popov's stability theory. Hit-ratio is measured during the real round. The section that follows investigates this challenge. Working versions are contained in libraries whose names consist of Xlib   , and the corresponding systems versions are found in <lib . Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. We need to investigate why longer Ad-Hoc queries in our system do not yield good retrieval effectiveness results. Since the dynamic behavior of the end-effector in two directions are uncoupled  , matrices E  , S   , G and H of Figure 10are diagonal. 7 we evaluate our initial implementation on the QALD-4 benchmark and conclude in Sect. When optimizing the model the most likely path through the second level model is sought by the Viterbi approxima- tion 24 . Section 4 addresses the hidden graph as a random graph. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. The autoencoder is still able to discover interesting patterns in the input set. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. 20 is diagonal  , the repetitive controller for each axis can be designed independently . In addition  , our user study evaluation confirmed the superior performance of Linked Data-based approaches both in terms of relevance and unexpectedness. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. The query mix of BSBM use often 16 predicates. one of our long-term research goals to find a general model which transforms raw image data directly into " ac-tion values " . Game theory also explores interaction. We maximize this likelihood function to estimate the value of μs. Collaborative Tagging systems have become quite popular in recent years. In general  , it is harder to locate a single web article that describes an event or a general object. The first 1 ,000 iterations of MCMC chains were discarded as an initial burn-in period. Simulated annealing is a capable of crossing local minima and locating the global minimum 6. In the language modeling framework  , documents are modeled as the multinomial distributions capturing the word frequency occurrence within the documents. As expected  , the Support Vector Machine was the most robust method  , also with respect to outliers  , i.e. Model modifications are described in Section 3. The current implementation of the VLBG it is based upon a graph search technique derived from Dijkstra search. 1633-2008 for a fitting software reliability growth model. In order to establish replicative validity of a query model we need to determine whether the generated queries from the model are representative of the corresponding manual queries. The Theil uncertainty coefficient measures the entropy decrease rate of the consequent due to the antecedent . Instead  , we draw the samplê Y just once before we begin optimizing w  , but we drawˆYdrawˆ drawˆY using the following strategy:  Choose restart states to span a variety of Δs. Model fitting. An * indicates that the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test did not confirm a significant di↵erence p > 0.05 between the indicated bin and the fourth bin. As we are interested in analyzing very large corpora and the behavior of the various similarity measures in the limit as the collections being searched grow infinitely large  , we consider the situation in which so many relevant documents are available to a search engine for any given query q that the set of n top-ranked documents Rq are all -indistinguishable. , portfolio theory  , Business value is not the only mature concept of value. We lean towards the latter explanation  , and with this work we hope to provide a framework within which to test it. In this section  , we analyze the characteristics of categories on Pinterest and Twitter. One final extension is required. Several variants coexists; among them the Fourier Transform for discrete signals and the Fast Fourier Transform which is also for discrete signals but has a complexity of On · ln n instead of On 2  for the discrete Fourier Transform. The larger the LIB  , the more information the term contributes to the document and should be weighted more heavily in the document representation . Since monolingual retrieval is a special case of CLIR  , where the query terms and document terms happen to be of the same language e.g. However  , our approach is unique in several senses. 6 also gives an overview over current and future development activities. The Scanning Module then collects all results together to get the histogram of the entire frame and forwards this information to the Dynamic Programming Module. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. 36 train a support vector machine to extract mathematical expressions and their natural language phrase. On both datasets  , the feature weight shows that powerful users tend to express a more varied range of emotions. Lucene's scoring function was modified to include better document length normalization  , and a better term-weight setting following to the SMART model. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. The log-likelihood function could be represented as:   , YN }  , we need to estimate the optimal model setting Θ = {λ k } K k=1   , which maximizes the conditional likelihood defined in Eq1 over the training set. Due to space limitations   , we do not present our queries in detail; we refer the reader to the tSPARQL specification instead. LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . Then we compute the single source shortest path from y using breadth first search. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. We use a query engine that implements a variation on the INQUERY 1 tf·idf scoring function to extract an ordered list of results from each of the three indices. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Edit distance. In practice  , the probability of each action is evaluated using 12 and the highest-probability action is selected. We identify this noise elements by high frequency and low-power spectrum in the frequenc domain transformed by the fast Fourier transform YFFT. Note that this approach enables to consider ontologies more expressive than RDFS  , e.g. In this method th'e C-space is respresented as the convolution of the robot and workspace bitmaps 19. 2015. We also prove the convergence of IMRank and analyze the impact of initial ranking. Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. The weights tried were: w = 1 no upweighting  , w = 5  , and w = 6. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. , we do not consider conditions on other attributes. Section 4 presents precision  , recall  , and retrieval examples of four pictogram retrieval approaches. With PLSA  , although we can still see that lots of vertices in the same community are located closely  , there aren't clear boundaries between communities. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. To make this causal claim we need to lay down a behavioral model of clicking that describes why the targeted group is more prone to click on an advertisement than the general population of users. is developed1. This comprises the construction of optimized query execution plans for individual queries as well as multi-query optimization. autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. Sound statistic background of the model brings its outstanding performance. Notice that when no explicit subtopics can be found for a query  , the regularized pLSA is reduced to the normal pLSA. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. Here  , for easier comparison  , we use the same number of probes T = 100 for both multi-probe LSH and entropy-based LSH. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . If its implementation is such that the least recent state is chosen  , then the search strategy is breadth-first. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? Of course  , high temporal correlation does not guarantee semantic relevance. We further emphasized that it is of crucial importance to develop a proper combination of multiple kernels for determining the bit allocation task in KLSH  , although KLSH and MKLSH with naive use of multiple kernels have been proposed in literature. In JAD  , the general idea is to have a workshop or a set of workshops rather than having unlimited number of workshops throughout the project. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. RQ2: Do word embeddings trained on different corpora change the ranking performance ? fol " .tif. " It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. After training stops  , we normalize word embeddings by their L2 norm  , which forces all words to be represented by unit vectors. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. First we find robust topics for each view using the PLSA approach. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. Multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies   , however  , are an underrepresented class of CLIR resources. The RL system is in control of the robot  , and learning progresses as in the standard Q-learning framework. We call this method Variational Dynamic Programming VDP. Also remember that the training period is 2011-2012 while the rest two seasons are both for testing. In particular  , dynamic pruning strategies aim to avoid the scoring of postings for documents that cannot make the top K retrieved set. Ultimately  , these grounded clusters of relation expressions are evaluated in the task of property linking on multi-lingual questions of the QALD-4 dataset. We also take into account that resources of BSBM data fall into different classes. We also studied the impact of spelling normalization and stemming on Arabic CLIR. The smaller bidden &er is fiwthcr used to represent the input patterns. 6 and 7. For control applications  , they should optimise certain cost functions  , e.g. At last  , we chose 13 questions from QALD and 13 questions from WebQuestions . Our approaches R-LTR-NTN and PAMM-NTN with the settings of using the PLSA or doc2vec as document representations are denoted with the corresponding subscripts. Table 2adds an additional level of detail to the PRODUCT → PRODUCT DETAILS structure introduced in Fig. The rationale underlying such a decomposition of the original action model into two probabilistic models  , the preference and the item action model  , is two folds. Moreover  , the MI can be represented via Shannon entropy  , which is a quantity of measuring uncertainty of random variables  , given as follows It is straightforward that the MI between two variables is 0 iff the two variables are statistically independent. Theoretical lower bounds for LSH have also been studied 21  , 1. So he has there by advanced information theory remarkably . This feature of Q-learning is extremely useful in guiding the agent towards re-executing and deeply exploring the most relevant scenarios. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. , we used two browsing patterns to evaluate find-similar. The transfer function matrix Gi is expressed as follows; This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. Nonetheless  , the scope of the Model involves one more fitting activity that  , in the outlying areas of interest of this universe  , complicates a fitting challenge per se. For a single query session  , the likelihood pC|α is computed by integrating out the Ri with uniform priors and the examination variables Ei. Stopping criterion. user-based and itembased methods  , using the Pearson correlation to measure the similarity. For measurement of the sensitivity transfer function matrix  , the input excitation uas supplied by the rotation of an eccentric mass mounted on the tool bit. These categories conform to TREC's general division of question topics into 4 main entity types 13 . Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. Parallel multi-join query optimization is even harder 9  , 14  , 25. More recently  , a maximum margin method known as Struct Support Vector Machine SV M struct  19 was proposed to solve this problem. This also allows additional heuristics to be developed such as terminating CGLS early when working with a crude starting guess like 0  , and allowing the following line search step to yield a point where the index set jw is small. We investigated whether instead of emotivity  , the diversity of emotions expressed could be related to high status. APEQ 10  , from QALD-5 10  , uses a graph traversal based approach  , where it first extracts the main entity from the query and then tries to find its relations with the other entities using the given KB. The latter can take advantage of both product categorization standards and catalog group structures in order to organize types of products and services and to contribute additional granularity in terms of semantic de- scriptions 19. In Section 3.6.1  , we show that breadthfirst search appears to be more efficient than depth-first search. maximize the likelihood that our particular model produced the data. We then calculate the Shannon Entropy Shannon et al. As for a rule  , the relation is interesting when the antecedent provides a great deal of information Gini index G  of the information content of a rule 21. The general interest score is the cosine similarity between the user general interest model and the suggestion model in terms of their vector representations. We conducted personal photo tagging on 7 ,000 real personal photos and personal photo search on the MIT-Adobe FiveK photo dataset. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. In any case  , whichever way has been followed to actually build the program  , it is illuminating to be able to study and examine it by increasing levels of details at the reader's convenience. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. The Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM is built like that 5. In all  , we collected and analyzed 225 responses from a total of 10 different judges. Enriching these benchmarks with real world fulltext content and fulltext queries is very much in our favor. Befi q captures relevance because it is based on all propositions defining the semantic content of the object o  , that imply the query formula. From our perspective  , it is evident that given the nature of the TREC collections  , CLIR approaches based upon multilingual thesauri remain difficult to explore. Neural word embedding methods12  , 13  , 14 represent each word by a real-valued dense word vector. and attempts to derive such ranking by maximizing the buying probability of next items over the whole purchase history. A likelihood function is constructed assuming a parameter set  , generating a pdf for each sample based on those parameters  , then multiplying all these pdf's together. Our scope of machine learning is limited to the fitting of parameter values in previously prescribed models  , using prescribed model-fitting procedures. On the other hand  , our TDCM model achieves significant better results on both platforms. Damljanovic et al. If a crawl is started from a single seed  , then the order in which pages will be crawled tends to be similar to a breadth first search through the link graph 27 the crawl seldom follows pure breadth first order due to crawler requirements to obey politeness and robots restrictions . distributions amounts to fitting a model with squared loss. The returned set was therefore compared to their query in that light  , their semantic relevance. On the other side  , BMEcat does not explicitly discriminate types of features  , so features FEA- TURE  typically consist of FNAME  , FVALUE and  , optionally  , an FUNIT element. Pr·|· stands for the probability of the ranking  , as defined in Equation 5. Each log likelihood function relies on one set of parameters. For each leaf node  , there is a unique assigned path from the root which is encoded using binary digits. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. These data should be used for optimization  , i.e. While the BSBM benchmark is considered as a standard way of evaluating RDB2RDF approaches  , given the fact that it is very comprehensive  , we were also interested in analysing real-world queries from projects that we had access to  , and where there were issues with respect to the performance of the SPARQL to SQL query rewriting approach. We study how such a user preference signal affects the clickrate of a business and design effective strategies to generate personalization features. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. In an experiment on QALD-3 DBpedia questions  , the median query construction time was 30 s  , the maximum time was 109 s  , and only one question led to a timeout. Our immediate next target is to extend TL-PLSA with a method for estimating the number of shared classes of the two domains. in folding the black Jean material  , the folding edge does not stay at the position that it is left by the gripper but it slides back by 1-2cm. The traditional way of removing data from materialized views is deletion. What are the factors that influence whether --and which term --will emerge as the convention to represent a given topic ? Second  , we are interested in evaluating the efficiency of the engine. The second group events e2 and e5 is related with the detection of maneuver optimization events. Hence we propose three fusion methods to combine the two quantities by addition and multiplication: 1. This information  , along with the CS positions in the robot frame  , and with the map  , identifies the robot pose position and orientation. CNNs are powerful classifiers due to their ability to automatically learn discriminative features from the input data. The fitting constraint keeps the model parameters fit to the training data whereas the regularizers avoid overfitting  , making the model generalize better 7. Pictograms used in a pictogram email system are created by novices at pictogram design  , and they do not have single  , clear semantics. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , our method utilizes a set of special properties of empty result sets and is different from the traditional method of using materialized views to answer queries. We believe that crawling in breadthfirst search order provides the better tradeoff. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. Unstructured PLSA and Structured PLSA  , are good at picking up a small number of the most significant aspects when K is small. Second  , the monitoring and control of memoryaccessing events often have large overhead. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. Nevertheless  , this approach is clearly not scalable e.g. However  , RaPiD7 is not focusing on certain artifacts or phases of software development  , and actually does not state which kind of documents or artifacts could be produced using the method  , but leaves this to the practitioner of the method. Line segment primitives are efficient in modelling a collection of observations of the environment. While the baseline and previous approaches directly used the text of the queries with stop word removal to search documents  , here we modified the queries. The general interest model for user 814 is shown as a word cloud and a table in A CLIR BMIR-J2 collection was constructed by manually translating the Japanese BMIR-J2 requests into English. The CLIR experiments reported in this section were performed using the TREC 2002 CLIR track collection  , which contains 383 ,872 articles from the Agence France Press AFP Arabic newswire  , 50 topic descriptions written in English  , and associated relevance judgments 12. Note that the gathering of the service descriptions and the generation of the service functions is periodically repeated in order to accommodate the possible changes in the underlying DL infrastructure. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. , outside of the top n  , but of high interest to the current user  , into the top-ranked results. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. As we can see  , the calls to the local cache depends considerably on the size of the data  , the percentage of hit-rate is 47 % in the case of BSBM with 1M  , and it decreased to 11 % for BSBM with 10M. We optimize the model parameters using stochastic gradient descent 6  , as follows: The last and final level is to utilize RaPiD7 in a full-scale software project  , and plan the documentation authoring in projects by scheduling consecutive workshops. 5 Torque Figure 5 illustrates the block diagram of the setup using multiplicative uncertainty representation  , in which P o is the nominal model of the system  , W is the uncertainty weighting function  , A is a memoryless operator of induced L2 norm less than unity  , which represents the normalized variation of the true system from the model  , and C is the controller. Even if you could hire only " good developers "   , as Ambler suggests for effective formation of an agile modeling team  , in a large company these good developers will still have different backgrounds and knowledge base. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. A plus  " + "  indicates that the corresponding factor can be set multiple for each product. Both CLIR and CLTC are based on some computation of the similarity between texts  , comparing documents with queries or class profiles. Wavelet packets allow one to find the best minimum tree for reconstruction with respect to a certain measure. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. 2-4; ||·|| indicate the 2- norm of the model parameters and λ is the regularization rate. The outputs of our computational methodology are two  , inter-related  , user typologies: 1 a course-grained view of the user population segmented into use diffusion adopter categories and 2 a fine-grained view of the same population segmented along the same two dimensions but using more detailed measures for variety and frequency. All D-Lib articles are written in HTML. where ni is the document frequency of term ti and N is the total number of documents. The embedding of the word vectors enables the identification of words that are used in similar contexts to a specufic word. Use of the alignments for CLIR gives excellent results  , proving their value for realworld applications. 19. There might be two possible reasons. We can briefly show why the Clarke-Tax approach maximizes the users' truthfulness by an additional  , simpler example. BIR: The background model comprises several sequences of judgements. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . In the context of traditional materialized views  , maximum benefit is obtained when the view stores a " small " result obtained by an " expensive " computation  , as it is the case with aggregates . When a phrase query is submitted   , the search engine accesses inverted lists of each word that forms the phrase to identify documents that contain those words in the order and offset specified. We compare a classic Virtuoso RDF quad table Virt-Quad and this CS-based implementation Virt-CS on the BSBM benchmark at 10 billion triples scale. The likelihood function is considered to be a function of the parameters Θ for the Digg data. Hypothesis 1 -Tweeters with higher diversity have higher brokerage opportunities. This scanner then adds supported document types that it finds to a specified instance of an Up- Lib repository. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. Now  , we can calculate the speed-up factor of IncrementalDBSCAN versus DBSCAN. Speaking of the allow-or-charge area  , the quantity scale defined in BMEcat is divided into the actual quantity scale and the functional discount that has to be applied  , too. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. We adopt the skip-gram approach to obtain our Word Embedding models. This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. This means that NetPLSA indeed extracts more coherence topical communities than PLSA. The mixed-script joint modelling technique using deep autoencoder. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The results are shown in Table 3   , which indicate that an individual's NST@Self shows an obvious positive correlation with both shannon entropy and LZ  , i.e. DBSCAN has two parameters: Eps and MinPts. λ1 and λ2 are two trade-off parameters that explore the relative importance of classification results in the source domain and the target domain. Selectors can be used in two places: to pad the initial keyword query  , and to rerank the candidate passages. It comprises two sets of 50 questions over DBpedia   , annotated with SPARQL queries and answers. In t h e 1940's  , Shannon resolved the problem of measuring information by defining Entropy as a measure of the uncertainty of transmission of information: where as is the space of information signals transmitted 12  , 51. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. The unexpectedness of the most relevant results was also higher with the Linked Data-based measures. This paper focuses on comparing the basic  , entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods in the case that the index data structure fits in main memory. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. Table lsummerizes the results. , s2. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. For a given resource  , we use this generator to decide the number of owl:sameAs statements that link this resource with other randomly chosen resources. In such a case  , the objective function degenerates to the log-likelihood function of PLSA with no regularization. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. The retrieval engine used for the Ad Hoc task is based on generative language models and uses cross-entropy between query and document models as main scoring criterion. Our work on HAWK however also revealed several open research questions  , of which the most important lies in finding the correct ranking approach to map a predicate-argument tree to a possible interpretation. The parameters of the final PLSA model are first initialized using the documents that have been pre-assigned to the selected cluster signatures. An additional probabilistic model is that of Fuhr 4. 4 propose a probability model called Sentiment PLSA S-PLSA for short based on the assumption that sentiment consists of multiple hidden aspects. The approximate entropy can be computed for any time series  , chaotic or otherwise  , at a low computational cost  , and even for small data samples T < 50. After enough information about previously-executed  , empty-result queries has been accumulated in C aqp   , our method can often successfully detect empty-result queries and avoid the expensive query execution. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. Because the vast majority of property labels are of English origin  , we could not apply this baseline to Spanish QALD-4 data. To be efficient and scalable  , Frecpo prunes the futile branches and narrows the search space sharply. Much of policy learning is viewed from the perspective of learning a Q-function. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. The Fourier spectrum calculation is proportional to the square of the voltage input signal. Thus the robots would need to explicitly coordinate which policies they &e to evaluate  , and find a way to re-do evaluations that are interrupted by battery changes. This could imply that with more examples to learn from  , users are more focused on a general model and less able to keep in mind particular cases. In DBSCAN a cluster is defined as a set of densely-connected points controlled by  which maximize density-reachability and must contain at least M inP ts points. A control cycle is initiated by the Q-learning agent issuing an action which in turn actuates the motors on the scaled model. Furthermore  , these methods have a number of other limitations. In particular  , m represents the average number of times each user of the group viewed this page pair. Finally  , we evaluate the relevance of identified semantic sets to a given query and rank the members of semantic sets accordingly. in such a way that the ordering conditions of Figure 2still hold. The RegularizerRole is played by a regularization function used to keep model complexity low and prevent over-fitting. There are two deficiencies in the fixed focal length model. DBSCAN parameters were set to match the expected point density of the bucket surface. Pair Potentials. Cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR addresses the problem of retrieving documents written in a language different from the query language 30. Furthermore  , since NST@Self actually measures an individual's aspiration for variety  , we compared two model-free methods widely adopted in information theory: shannon 37  , which calculates the conditional entropy. We map the user collaborative policy specification to an auction based on the Clarke-Tax 7  , 8 mechanism which selects the privacy policy that will maximize the social utility by encouraging truthfulness among the co-owners. To enable this some training is typically needed. , the expected value of the information in a message. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . In the next experiment  , we captured the image sequence while driving a car about 2 kilometers with a stereo camera  , as shown in Fig. Experiments on NTCIR-4 and NTCIR-5 English- Chinese CLIR tasks show that CLIR performance can be significantly improved based on our approach. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. Our proposal can manifest at Web scale and is suitable for every PIM system or catalog management software that can create BMEcat XML product data  , which holds for about 82% of all of such software systems that we are aware of  , as surveyed in 17. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. Thus  , in all of the experiments  , our approaches include R-LTR- NTN plsa   , R-LTR-NTN doc2vec   , PAMM-NTNα-NDCG plsa   , and PAMM-NTNα-NDCG doc2vec . However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. In the Semantic Web  , many systems translate English questions to SPARQL queries see 13 for a survey  , and the QALD 8 challenge is devoted to that task. Avatar assistant robot  , which can be controlled remotely by a native teacher  , animates the 3D face model with facial expression and lib-sync for remote user's voice. When user attributes relevant to forming social links are not directly observable   , this phenomenon is called latent homophily. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. We now have a better idea about the distribution of the output; this reduction of uncertainty has given us information. The measured total time for a run includes everything from query optimization until the result set is fully traversed  , but the decoding of the results is not forced. If the temperature T is reduced slowly enough  , the downhill Simplex method shrinks into the region containing the lowest minimum value. One popular approach to improving accuracy by exploiting large datasets is to use unsupervised methods to create word features  , or to download word features that have already been produced Turian et al. In this example  , we will show two different approaches to find the transfer function matrix. Safety values enable 11s to compare the effect of each safety strategy on the same scale and to optimize the design and control of hmnancare robots. While hyProximity scores best considering the general relevance of suggestions in isolation  , Random Indexing scores best in terms of unexpectedness. Out of the original 50 queries  , 43 have results from DBpedia. The z-map modeling method shown in Fig.3was introduced in the system. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. 5 21. 9. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . At high temperatures most moves are accepted and the simplex roams freely over the search space. By fitting a model to the generated time-series the AR coefficients were estimated. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. The main difference to the standard classification problem Eq. proposed the Incremental-DBSCAN in 2. Consider an optimization problem with Their approach combines a retrieval model with the methods for spreading activation over the link structure of a knowledge graph and evaluation of membership in semantic sets. This behavior can be formulated a s feh= D  s l y e where D-'sl is a diagonal transfer function matrix with all members a s second order transfer functions. The retrieval model was originally proposed for CLIR. SQUALL2SPARQL takes an inputs query in SQUALL  , which is a special English based language  , and translates it to SPARQL. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. A derived relation may be virtual  , which corresponds to the traditional concept of a view  , or materialized  , meaning that the relation resulting from evaluating the expression over the current database instance is actually stored. The max-plus model used for the computation of the first component of the transfer function matrix comes from the marking of the Petri net at time zero  , w l c h has been already described We need 10 initial conditions to determine the evolution of the net. We write NCM Y X to denote a neural click model with representation X QD  , QD+Q  , QD+Q+D and configuration Y RNN  , LSTM. Deep learning structures are well formulated to describe instinct semantic representations. For our tests we use an extended version of the Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 10. After finding out the results of t evaluations  , each robot could then independently perform the calculation to determine the next policy  ?r and continue with the next iteration. Accordingly  , the performance of NEXAS is largely determined by that of the underlying search engine. b Matched loop segments will be included in LBA as breadth-first search will active the keyframes. Operating in the log-likelihood domain allows us to fit the peak with a second-order polynomial. PLSA did a poor job with the smaller yeast data  , whereas PLSA results with human data are quite interesting. The SMART information retrieval system  , originally developed by Salton  , uses the vector-space model of information retrieval that represents query and documents as term vectors. We define the speed-upfuctor as the ratio of the cost of DBSCAN applied to the database after all insertions and deletions and the cost of m calls of IncrementalDBSCAN once for each of the insertions resp. RQ3. This is also one of very few recent studies to empirically explore the value of multilingual thesauri or controlled vocabularies for CLIR. As the chart illustrates  , determing trust values during query execution dominates the query execution time. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. These triples were generated as follows: We first executed the SPARQL query and randomly selected up to five results from the query answer. Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. Furthermore   , we developed a mix of six tSPARQL queries. SV M struct is one of the support vector machine implementations for sequence labeling 16. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. For QALD-4 dataset  , it was observed that 21 out of 24 queries with their variations were correctly fitted in NQS. the probabilistic model offers justification for various methods that had previously been used in automatic retrieval environments on an empirical basis. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. Extensive experiments on our datasets demonstrated that our TDCM model can accurately explain the user behavior in QAC. For the LUBM dataset/queries the geometric mean stays approximately the same  , whilst the average execution time decreases. In this paper we will use the GIST descriptor to represent a calligraphic character image. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. When the page pair is present in the DSN that is  , at least two users viewed these pages together in some sessions  , the model includes the group information through l and m. While l provides an idea about the general user interest in a page pair across all the groups in the DSN  , m shows the popularity of a page pair in a certain group. Equation 1 8 shows a twodimensional example for choice of D  s l where m l and m2  , representing the apparent masses in various directions  , are the designers choice. Moreover   , pignistic Shannon entropy is computed based on the derived crisp evidence structure. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. For parts with different push functions  , a breadth-first search planner can be used to find a sensorless plan when one exists. In our application  , the total number of MCMC iterations is chosen to be 2 ,000. As presented in Section 4.2 tSPARQL redefines the algebra of SPARQL in order to consider trust values during query execution. Furthermore  , multilanguage descriptions in BMEcat are handled properly  , namely by assigning corresponding language tags to RDF literals. The above equation gives the amount of information a term conveys in a document regardless of its semantic direction . We set the context window size m to 10 unless otherwise stated. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. This is probably why more efforts are put into the preparation work when using JAD  , and why with JAD the typical " from preparation to a finished document -time " is longer than with RaPiD7. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. Consider a two class classification problem. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. There can also be something specific to the examples added that adds confusion . For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. However there are some significant problems in applying it to real robot tasks. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. The cases differ by the time required  , the people participating the workshops and the techniques used in the workshops. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. l. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . Simple Semantic Association queries between two entities result in hundreds of results and understanding the relevance of these associations requires comparable intellectual effort to understanding the relevance of a document in response to keyword queries. Then we compare the product models obtained from one of the BMEcat catalogs with products collected from Web shops through a focused Web crawl. Although both multi-probe and entropy-based methods visit multiple buckets for each hash table  , they are very different in terms of how they probe multiple buckets. In order to use support vector machine  , kernel function should be defined. The third LS is taken from Wilensky's and Phelps article in D-Lib Magazine from July 2000 11. No one advocates or teaches this style of description  , so why do people use it instead of the more precise vocabulary of computer science ? The term discrimination model has been criticised because it does not exhibit well substantiated theoretical properties. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. , in Q07 and Q08 the system returned an error while performing the operations  , while the native and the translation queries could be evaluated over the database system. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. The paper is arranged as follows. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . Note that because the Q function learns the value of performing actions  , Q-learning implicitly builds a model. Given an initial series of computation to construct ξ ij and a starting covariance Λ 0 = Λ s i as an input parameter  , repeated queries of the effect of a series of controls and observations can be calculated efficiently. APEQ uses Graph traversal technique to determine the main entity by graph exploration. Recently  , many studies have attempted to improve upon the regular LSH technique. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. The combination of Q-learning and DYNA gave the best results. Finally  , we show the potential leverage of product master data from manufacturers with regard to products offered on the Web. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. – Textual baseline: we indexed the raw text by adopting the standard Lucene library customized with the scoring formula described in Sect. The first column contains the collection names from ten university libraries. Make a planning according t o the planning procedureFig.1. The converter has built-in check steps that detect common irregularities in the BMEcat data  , such as wrong unit codes or invalid feature values.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. The most notable improvements over previous versions are the support of external catalogs and multiple languages  , and the consistent renaming of the ambiguous term ARTICLE to PRODUCT. Stochastic gradient descent is adopted to conduct the optimization . Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Next we give details of how deep learning techniques such as convolution and stacking can be used to obtain hierarchical representations of the different modalities. Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. For illustration purpose a sample optimization was demonstrated. However  , on QALD-2  , whose queries are questions such as 'Who created Wikipedia'  , simple text similarity features are not as strong. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. At run time  , the two clients will require SocketPermissions to resolve the names and connect to ports 80 of hosts ibm.com and vt.edu  , respectively. Next  , consider the background model for each of the probabilistic retrieval models. The language was influenced significantly by the Dijkstra " guarded command language " 4 and CSP lo . Relevance measurements were integrated within a probabilistic retrieval model for reranking of results. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. For the teams applying RaPiD7 systematically the reward is  , however  , significant. To combat this problem  , we propose a Last-to-First Allocating LFA strategy to efficiently estimate Mr  , leveraging the intrinsic interdependence between ranking and ranking-based marginal influence spread. A straightforward approach is to assign equal weight to each kernel function  , and apply KLSH with the uniformly combined kernel function. Although it might be difficult to get people to change their ways of doing everyday work  , typically the teams trying out RaPiD7 for some time would not give up using it. From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. Figure 3 gives the variance proportions for the sampled accounts . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. This will not always be feasible in larger domains  , and intelligent search heuristics will be needed. This section describes an important when there is an acceleration or deceleration  , the amplitude is greater than a threshold. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. We used the following parameters: BSBM 10M  , 10 LDF clients  , and RP S view = 4 and CON view = 9. The multilingual information retrieval problem we tackle is therefore a generalization of CLIR. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. The global R 2 FP is compared with spatial pyramid pooling SPP. Furthermore  , JAD sessions are always somewhat formal  , whereas RaPiD7 sessions vary in formality depending on the case. One challenge with operationalizing use diffusion in a computational method is modeling variety in a way that is application independent; we chose to use Shannon entropy 21  , a mathematical construct from information theory  , to model variety. Our results have practical implications to search engine companies. The anomaly score is simply defined as autoencoder trains a sparse autoencoder 21 with one hidden layer based on the normalized input as x i ← xi−mini maxi−mini   , where max i and min i are the maximum and minimum values of the i-th variable over the training data  , respectively. To do so  , we approximate the Iverson bracket  with a softmax function  , which is commonly used in machine learning and statistics  , for mathematical convenience. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . 4  , stochastic gradient descent SGD is further applied for better efficiency 17  , and the iteration formulations are To solve Eqn. On the other hand  , agile modeling provides a number of pragmatic ideas how to perform agile modeling sessions to produce certain kind of models. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. We approximate the peak in the likelihood function as a normal distribution. Here  , graph equality means isomor- phism. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. We used two kinds semantic score to evaluate the relevance between tweets and profiles as follow  ,  The semantic score c i is recorded simultaneously . For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. Higher entropy means a more uniform distribution across beer types  , i.e. For example  , in our current semantic test-bed developed for open access and use by the Semantic Web research community  , SWETO 3 Semantic Web Technology Evaluation Ontology detailed in 2  , there are over 800 ,000 entities and 1.5 million explicit relationships among them. Figure 5d shows the learning curve of Q-learning incorporating DYNA planning. The Mirror DBMS uses the linguistically motivated probabilistic model of information retrieval Hie99  , HK99. In this paper  , we propose to use the BMEcat XML standard as the starting point to make highly structured product feature data available on the Web of Data. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. These results show that the performance of DD is significantly better than that of other methods under challenging conditions. To use the overall system-wide uncertainty for the measurement of information ignores semantic relevance of changes in individual inferences. In practice  , it is difficult to generate perturbed queries in a data-independent way and most hashed buckets by the perturbed queries are redundant. To test our proposal  , we converted a representative real-world BMEcat catalog of two well-known manufacturers and analyzed whether the results validate as correct RDF/XML datasets grounded in the GoodRelations ontology. The procedure for encoding and decoding is explained in the following section. We vary profile size to 5  , 10 and 30 predicates. Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Q-value rate means percent of the number of rules in which Q-values are gotten to the number of all the rules in the environment. General English words are likely to have similar distributions in both language models I and A. In the area of indexing and retrieval  , Bast et al. In order to avoid bias towards any particular scoring mechanism  , we compare sentence quality later in the paper using the individual components of the score  , rather than an arbitrary combination of the components. Then we do breadth first search from the virtual node. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path.  Neural Responding Machine. To form a base-line set of top documents  , we collected the top 20 results for 5000 queries from a commercial search engine . One for the flight vehicle information such as predicted pose and velocity provided by the INS  , RPM data and air speed data  , while the other bus handles the DDF information. 2 11 queries with monolingual Avg. P lower than CLIR. As the optimization time varies greatly with the query size  , all performance numbers are given relative to DPccp  , e.g. As discussed  , the LIB quantity is similar in spirit to IDF inverse document frequency whereas LIF can be seen as a means to normalize TF term frequency. It separately extracts subtopics from ODP as described in Section 2.1 and from documents using PLSA 6. It is especially useful in cases when it is possible to consider a large number of suggestions which include false positives -such as the case when the keyword suggestions are used for expert crawling. Regularization terms such as the Frobenius norms on the profile vectors can be introduced to avoid overfitting. The majority of queries are natural language questions that are focused on finding one particular entity or several entities as exact answers to these questions. Also shown is the line of best least-squares fit. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Game theory has also been used as a means for controlling a robot 5  , 7. The Clarke-Tax mechanism is appealing for several reasons . Probabilistic Information Retrieval IR model is one of the most classical models in IR. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. Since the W matrix has only four independent parameters  , four point matches in t ,he whole set of three image frames are minimally sufficient to solve for W matrix using equation 23. Support vector machine is a model of binary classifier 6. We will deal with these cycles in the next step. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . , to reduce the probability of deadlock and sometimes even sacrifice data consistency to avoid performance problems. ? We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Using Dijkstra or other graph searching methods  , a path between the start and goal configuration is then easily found. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. TL-PLSA seems particularly effective for multiclass text classification tasks with a large number of classes more than 100 and few documents per class. For simplicity  , it will also be assumed that the inertial and viscous damping of the joints dominate the manipulator dynamics yielding a manipulator model of the form where M is the manipulator inertia tensor  , B is the diagonal matrix of viscous friction coefficients  , 8 is the vector of joint angles  , and '5 is the commanded joint torque vector. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. This is demonstrated by a set of experiments the we carried out on a CYCLADES configuration that was working on 62 OAI compliant archives. The relevance values attached to each rule then provide  , together with an appropriate calculus of relevance values  , a mechanism for determining the overall relevance of a given document as a function of those patterns which it contains. Our first corpus contained the complete runs of the ACM International Conference on Digital Libraries and the JCDL conference  , and the complete run of D-Lib Magazine see Table  2. By the language of model selection  , it is to select a model best fitting the given corpus and having good capability of generality. Finally  , the time complexity of IMRank is OnT dmax log dmax  , where T is the number of iterations IMRank takes before convergence. The resulting semantic relevance values will fall between one and zero  , which means either a pictogram is completely relevant to the interpretation or completely irrelevant. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. Using deviance measures  , e.g. Out of 50 questions provided by the benchmark we have successfully answered 16 correct and 1 partially correct. Several concepts  , such as " summer "   , " playground " and " teenager "   , may occur simultaneously in an image or scene. The bottom-most RBM of our model  , which models the input terms  , is character-level variant of the replicated softmax RSM model presented in 28  for documents . We used Random Indexing 6  to build distributional semantic representations i.e. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Effectiveness in these notional applications is modeled by the task metrics. The tax levied by user i is computed based on the Clarke Tax formulation as follows: We consider the fixed cost to be equal to 0. To calculate the failure probabilities of the subsystems  , we searched the IEEE Std. Additionally  , a subset of the realworld data collection Biocyc 1 that consists of 1763 databases describing the genome and metabolic pathways of a single organism was used. We describe a conceptual mapping and the implementation of a respective software tool for automatically converting BMEcat documents into RDF data based on the GoodRelations vocabulary 9. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. The situation changes for a local cache with 10 ,000 entries  , in this case  , the hit-rate of local cache is 59 % and 28 % for behavioral cache  , only 13 % of calls are forwarded to the server. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. the selected documents in Sr−1  , as defined in Equation 4  , and S0 is an empty set. In the area of RDF stores  , a number of benchmarks are available. 3 These judgements were analysed with the two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov test KS test to determine whether two given samples follow the same distribution 15. , 2000 are some exemplars of Word Vectors. To gauge the effectiveness of our system compared to other similar systems  , we developed a version of our tagging suggestion engine that was integrated with the raw  , uncompressed tag data and did not use the case-evaluator for scoring  , aside from counting frequency of occurrence in the result set. For large graphs like ours  , there are no efficient solutions to determine if two graphs are physically identical . 20 perform a comprehensive simulation study to evaluate three MDTs in the context of software cost modelling. Therefore  , in a probabilistic model for video retrieval shots are ranked by their probability of having generated the query. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. For example  , the independent assumption between different columns can be relaxed to capture multi-column interdependency. gr:condition and references to external product classification standards. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. In the rating imputation case  , the mean rating of a user is the single best predictor for rating imputation according to the GROC criteria. The evaluation results are presented in Table 3. We assume that words in C t are generated either from a model θU which represents users' collective topical interest or from a general background model θB. The results presented in this paper show that MRD-based CLIR queries perform almost as well as monolingual queries  , if domain specific MRD is used together with general MRD and queries are structured on the basis of the output of dictionaries . Q-learning estimates the optimal Q * function from empirical data. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. Analogously  , the same training procedure is utilized to train the third and any subsequent layers of sdf-organizing maps. The weighted version RW weights the semantic clusters based on the aggregate relevance levels of the tweets included in each cluster. dmax equals to the largest indegree among all nodes when l = 1. We chose probabilistic structured queries PSQ as our CLIR baseline because among vector space techniques for CLIR it presently yields the best retrieval effectiveness. Established methods for determining model structure are at best computationally intensive  , besides not easily automated. In ROBE81 a similar retrieval model  , the 80 251 called two-poisson-independence TPI model is described. The experts were not involved in the development of any of the two tools and were not aware of which tool produces which verbalization. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit.  Our dependence model outperforms both the unigram language model and the classical probabilistic retrieval model substantially and significantly. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. For fair comparison  , all the methods are conducted on the same convolved feature maps learned by a single-hidden-layer sparse autoencoder with a KL sparse constraint. Furtlierinore  , we may assiinie that the adjacent frequency bins H  , That is  , each component of the transfer function is corrected by where 1 = 1  , ..   , N   , the forgetting factor A  , satibfies 0 < A  , 5 1  , and P  , is tlie covariance matrix. Lib exposes a public API  , createSocket  , which constructs Socket objects on behalf of its clients. The uncertainty is estimated for localization using a local map by fitting a normal distribution to the likelihood function generated. Are the topics in Table 2really corresponding to coherent communities ? The approach is evaluated on four open source applica- tions: Neuroph  , WURFL  , Joda-Time  , and Json-lib. However  , the application is completely different. In general  , OBIE systems use ontologies to model domain knowledge for a special area of interest. , when N is large. The main advantages of DBSCAN are that it does not require the number of desired clusters as an input  , and it explicitly identifies outliers. Most data visualizations  , or other uses of audio data begin by calculating a discrete Fourier transform by means of a Fast Fourier Transform. Both benchmarks pick terms from dictionaries with uniform distribution. , products  , vendors  , offers  , reviews  , etc. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. We utilize the Clarke Tax mechanism that maximizes the social utility function by encouraging truthfulness among the individuals  , regardless of other individuals choices. To overcome this problem  , we run the optimization for a given target trajectory for 100 times  , using different initial guesses for the starting parameters  , chosen with the following procedure: a robot configuration θ is defined randomly  , within the range of allowed values; a trajectory is determined as a straight line between the given initial and the randomly defined configuration  , by algebraic computations of the B-spline parameters; these latter parameters are taken as initial guess. That is , The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. On the other hand  , there is a clear and valid reason for the aforementioned hesitancy for the applicability of agile modeling. At the Q-learning  , the penalty that has negative value is employed . The study used a structuring method  , in which those words that were derived from the same Finnish word were grouped into the same facet. This behavior is quite similar to stochastic gradient descent method and is empirically acceptable. Although they do not remember their starting point  , our model limits the number of transitions to keep them in the vicinity This labeling and model fitting is performed off-line and only once for each sensor. Technical details of the probabilistic retrieval model can be found in the appendix of this paper. Word- Net is an expensive resource that was relied upon by the LSH-FSD system of 11 to obtain high FSD effectiveness. In this sense  , database centric retrieval is a significantly easier problem. Such standards can significantly help to improve the automatic exchange of data. 15 propose an alternative approach called rank-based relevance scoring in which they collect a mapping from songs to a large corpus of webpages by querying a search engine e.g. Deep learning is an emerging research field today and  , to our knowledge  , our work is the first one that applied deep learning for assessing quality of Wikipedia articles. We plan on investigating the use of different estimators in future work. It downloads multiple pages typically 500 in parallel. On the contrary  , the " shortest path " also called " geodesic " or " Dijkstra "  distance between nodes of a graph does not necesarily decrease when connections between nodes are added  , and thus does not capture the fact that strongly connected nodes are closer than weakly connected nodes. Sheridan et al. As a consequence our ability to manage large software systems simply breaks down once a certain threshold complexity is approached. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. Fourier transform 10  is an invertible function which decomposes a function into a continuous spectrum of its frequency components. Johnson generalized it to other surface representations  , including NURBS  , by using a breadth-first search 9. One of the ways in which object-oriented programming helps us to do more  , to cope with the everincreasing variety of objects that our programs are asked to manipulate  , is by encouraging the programmer to provide diverse objects with uniform protocol. Specifically  , Let X be a |W | × C matrix such that x w ,c is the number of times term w appears in messages generated by node c. Towards understanding how unevenly each term is distributed among nodes  , let G be a vector of |W | weights where g w is equal to 1 plus term w's Shannon information entropy 1. Then  , the distribution of the scores of all documents in a library is modelled by the random variable To derive the document score distribution in step 2  , we can view the indexing weights of term t in all documents in a library as a random variable X t . Unfortunately  , the DMI' method has two severe shortcomings as discussed in the following 1. The BSBM benchmark 5  focuses on the e-commerce domain and provides a data generation tool and a set of twelve SPARQL queries together with their corresponding SQL queries generated by hand. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. Based on inspection from results in Fig. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Conversely  , we consider the case where once a node is inoculated  , it can inoculate more people by virally spreading the " good " information . Notice that the likelihood function only applies a " penalty " to regions in the visual range Of the scan; it is Usually computed using ray-tracing. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. The other feature we try to simulate for social robots is the ability to find the regions with most information. We create an embedding feature for each attribute using these word vectors as follows. The parameter vector of each ranking system is learned automatically . Our current implementation is based on rule-based query optimization. In order to address these concerns  , we propose to represent contexts of entities in documents using word embeddings. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. LSA Landauer and Dumais  , 1997  , Hyper Analog to Language Lund and Burgess  , 1996 and Random Indexing Kanerva et al. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. Connectedness: Second  , the Routing Engine scores each user according to the degree to which she herself — as a person  , independently of her topical expertise — is a good " match " for the asker for this information query. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Compared to other caching techniques in the semantic web  , the LDF cache results of a triple pattern  , increasing their usefulness for other queries  , i.e  , the probability of a cache hit is higher than the caching of a SPARQL query results. Thus  , four distances and their correlation with AP were evaluated. Although breadth-first search crawling seems to be a very natural crawling strategy  , not all of the crawlers we are familiar with employ it. Second  , the system is extensible. One well known annual benchmark in knowledge base question answering is Question Answering over Linked Data QALD  , started in 2011 23. For example  , recent work has shown that there are deep connections between modularity in design and the value of real options--capital analogs of financial options. First it is to be stated that from the view of price modeling BMEcat catalogs have a three-stage document structure: 1 The document header HEADER can be used for setting defaults for currency and territory  , naming the buyer and giving references to relevant In the example header we set the default currency  , name the buyer and refer to an underlying agreement with a temporal validity: If we look at the transformations  , we see different transformation types. k 4 '  ,k 5   , k 6 are parameters. Policies take the form of conventions for organizing structures as for example in UNIX  , the bin  , include  , lib and src directories and for ordering the sequence of l The mechanisms communicate with each other by a simple structure  , the file system. The bottom line is that the DMP method is inappropriate as a load control method that can safely avoid DC thrashing in systems with complex  , temporally changing  , highly diverse  , or simply unpredictable workloads. Tabels 1 and 2 show that the breadth first search is exhaustive it finds solutions with one step fewer re- grasps. RUN1: To provide a baseline for our CLIR results  , we used BableFish to " manually " translate each Chinese query. A SAE model is a series of autoencoder. This toleration factor reflects the inherent resolving limitation of a given relevance scoring function  , and thus within this toleration factor  , the ranking of documents can be seen as arbitrary. These had 68 pairs in common. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The raw audio framebuffer is a collection e.g. Fagin et al. This generalized vocabulary covers a common abstraction of the data models we consider to be of general interest for the QA community. However  , PowerAqua is outperformed by TBSL see below in terms of accuracy w.r.t. There are three blocks or categories: digitized value: Dig  , digitized and born-digital value: Dig  , B-d  , and born-digital value: B-d. These results are very promising and indicate that  , by using sipIIsl  , parametric query optimization can be efficiently supported in current systems. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. Our approach is independent of stemmers  , part of speech taggers and parsers. The unweighted veriosn of cluster recall RU is defined as the percentage of distinct semantic clusters that are represented in the generated timeline out of the judged semantic clusters. Based on this fundamental idea of CLIR  , we can define a corresponding Mixed-script IR MSIR setup as follows. Therefore  , we set í µí»¿ and in our LSH-based method. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. For each procedure  , we enumerate a finite set of significant subgraphs; that is  , we enumerate subgraphs that hold semantic relevance and are likely to be good semantic clone candidates . Q-valuê Qs  , a is said to be monotonic for the goal directed Q-learning with action-penalty representation if and only if ∀s  , a cost function based on softmax function. Implementing these context variants allowed us to systematically evaluate the effectiveness of different sources of context for user interest modeling. , vectors of terms from a large corpus of Mayo Clinic clinical notes. The dataset has a slight bias towards long-tail shops. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We augmented this base set of products  , reviews  , and reviewers via a breadth-first search crawling method. K plsa +U corresponds to the results obtained when an additional 10 ,000 unlabeled abstracts from the MGD database were used to learn the pLSA model semi-supervised learning.  BSBM SQL 4 contains a join between two tables product and producttypeproduct and three subqueries  , two of them are used as OR operators. Whilst classic relevance ratings have viewed relevance in purely semantic terms  , it would appear that in practice users adjust their relevance judgements when considering other factors. Like Q-learning. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . We do not know of any that have used interdependence theory. The crawling was executed via a distributed breadth first search. The first assumption in 12 requires that Molecular dynamics simulations help us understand how proteins fold in nature  , and provide a means to study the underlying folding mechanism  , to investi­ gate folding pathways  , and can provide intermediate folding states. In this paper  , we presented HAWK  , the first hybrid QA system for the Web of Data. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . Generating all recommendations for one user took 60 milliseconds. Thus the extra space required for the agglomerative step is Og # r . Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. In game theory  , Nash equilibrium is a solution concept to characterize a class of equilibrium strategies a game with multiple players will likely reach 23. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. ICTNETVS06 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of voting. Acknowledgments. Please note in all of the experiments  , PAMM-NTN was configured to direct optimize the evaluation measure of α-NDCG@20. The retrieval evaluation metric is AP . Our method does not require any labeled training data. Improving translation accuracy is important for query translation . A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. Section 3 presents the functionality of the CS and provides a logical description of its internal architecture . In our experiments we insist that each response contains all selectors  , and use Lucene's OR over other question words. Word embedding techniques seek to embed representations of words. , cluster-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient SCBPCC 19  , the Aspect Model AM 7  , 'Personality Diagnosis' PD 12  and the user-based Pearson Correlation Coefficient PCC 1. It therefore seems to be a good candidate for further study  , and an appropriate choice if a method The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Performing a similarity search query on an LSH index consists of two steps: 1 using LSH functions to select " candidate " objects for a given query q  , and 2 ranking the candidate objects according to their distances to q. Various methods were proposed to solve this problem – we used perplexity   , which is widely used in the language-modeling community   , as well as the original work to predict the best number of topics. I. Node generation. Case-by-case means that the written permission is examined on case-by-case basis and N/A means that it is not applicable. On the 99-node cluster  , indexing time for the first English segment of the ClueWeb09 collection ∼50 million pages was 145 minutes averaged over three trials; the fastest and slowest running times differed by less than 10 minutes. Who produced the most films ? These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. We explore tag-tag semantic relevance in a tag-specific manner. Hence  , in the DocSpace the similarity between documents is computed by the traditional cosine similarity. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. The probability of observing the context word v given the pivot word w is defined by the softmax function: The learning goal is to maximize the ability of predicting context words for each pivot word in the corpus. Hierarchical procedures can be either agglomerative or divisive . First comparative experiments only focused on the querytranslation model. By exploiting a characteristic that high frequency components are generally less important than low frequency components  , DCT is widely used for data compression like JPEG or MPEG. Maximizing the likelihood function is equivalent to maximizing the logarithm of the likelihood function  , so In order to get a smooth output and the less settling time  , we consider that the transfer functions matrix relative to the designed output is given by: The objective of this method is to calculate the closed loop transfer function matrix which minimise the integral squared error between the output of the robotic subsystem and a desired output @d. Of course  , the controller depends on the desired output. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. If we join all subsystems in accordance with the position based dynamic look and move structures we obtain the system's block diagram. However  , it requires the setting of two parameters: DBSCAN does not require the definition a-priori of the number of clusters to extract. q Rapid  , incremental  , reversible operations whose results are immediately visible. It is straightforward to include other variables  , such as pernode and common additive biases. Each training iteration t starts with the random selection of one input pattern xt. Note that the likelihood function is just a function and not a probability distribution. The significance of differences is confirmed by the T-test for paired values for each two methods p<0.05. Without the efforts of these users we would not have such good results nor would we have RaPiD7 as an institutionalized way of working. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. We would like to develop a formal basis for query optimization for data models which are based on bags. For BMEcat we cannot report specific numbers  , since the standard permits to transmit catalog group structures of various sizes and types. , 'book jacket' and 'dust cover'. This is difficult and expensive . The survival random forest based model not only slightly outperforms all the other competing model including a suite of classification random forest but  , more importantly  , it allows to compute the survival at di↵erent thresholds. In enumerative strategies  , several states are successively inspected for the optimal solution e.g. Typically  , authoring a document takes less than a week in calendar time. In this section  , we present the least information theory LIT to quantify meaning semantics in probability distribution changes. During testing phase  , the texture fea­ ture extracted from the image will be classified by the support vector machine. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. With regard to the unexpectedness of the highly relevant results relevancy>=4 Random indexing outperforms the other systems  , however hyProximity offers a slightly more unexpected suggestions if we consider only the most relevant results relevan- cy=5. The alternative is to mine all data in-place and thus build k predictive models base-models locally. are in fact simple examples demonstrating the use of the system-under-test. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. The KS test is slightly more powerful than the Mann-Whitney's U test in the sense that it cares only about the relative distribution of the data and the result does not change due to transformations applied to the data. This simple method worked out well in our experiments. This is because not all these 14 runs are included in the 23 runs; and each run may execute a different set of statements and therefore may take a different amount of time. Xu and Weischedel 19 estimated an upper bound on CLIR performance. for a solution path using a standard method such as breadth-first search. For each run of DBSCAN on the biological data sets  , we chose the parameters according to 5 using a k-nn-distance graph. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The vibration modes of the flexible beam are identified by the Fast Fourier Transform FFT  , and illustrated in Fig. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . The following lists the key differences identified between RaPiD7 and JAD: Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. proposed to solve this problem by using Fourier Transformation 14. By a depth-first search of the set enumeration tree of transitive reductions of partial orders  , Frecpo will not miss any frequent partial order. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. Finally  , comparing the different reaulta for 11 and A1 in table -4  , it can be aeen that indexing A1 provides better retrieval results than 11. weight 0 random ord. Therefore  , the length of the LSTM for TDSSDM is 14. , OWL2DL. This evaluation can only be performed for the probabilistic annotation model  , because the direct retrieval model allows us only to estimate feature distributions for individual word images  , not page images.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. , SH and AGH  , we randomly sample 3000 data points as the training set; for the point-wise supervised method SSH  , we additionally sample 1000 data points with their concept labels; for the list-wise supervised methods i.e. To make the comparison fair  , we use the same starting points for PLSA and CTM. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 33. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. It does not require to know the transition probabilities P . While this approach is not applicable to all software architectures  , it can yield benefits when applied to static systems  , and to static aspects of dynamic systems. The SC-Recall came out to be 96.68 %. Therefore  , it seems appropriate to use Spearman's rank correlation coefficient 11 to measure the correlation between weighted citations and renewal stage. The CYCLADES system is now available 5 and the SCHOLNET access address will be published soon on the OpenDLib web site 6 . We run IMRank to select 50 seed nodes. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. . The implementation of the logic behind the alignments to be presented herein resulted into the BMEcat2GoodRelations tool. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " The steps include: Finally  , I would like to thank Tuomas Lamminpää  , Kai Koskimies and Ilkka Haikala for giving solid contribution by reviewing this paper several times. The final step mimics user evaluation of the results  , based on his/her knowledge. Several interviewees reported that " operationalization " of their predictive models—building new software features based on the predictive models is extremely important for demonstrating the value of their work. Our second challenge lies in fitting the models to our target graphs  , i.e. We consider a set of objects described by boolean variables . The proposed probabilistic models of passage-based retrieval are trained in a discriminative manner . For our folding problems  , however  , we arc interested not only in whether thew exists a path  , but we are also interested in the quality of th� path. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. Section 2 offers a brief introduction to the theory of support vector classification. It is the star of the matrix A in this expression which makes the calculation of h difficult. Different JAD sessions are not said to be alike 6  , and while this is true for RaPiD7 too  , the way RaPiD7 workshops and JAD sessions are planned is different. Here the feature vector φi is composed by the count of each term in the i th comment. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. For example  , using gray level histogram  , a checker-board b/w pattern of 2x2 squares will have the same entropy as one with 4x4 squares covering an equal area although the latter contains more information. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. In this paper  , we propose a new Word Embedding-based metric  , which we instantiate using 8 different Word Embedding models trained using different datasets and different parameters. The ensemble size was 200 trees for the Dietterich and RTB approaches. The application runs from the command line. A good review of these approaches are presented in I. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. These probabilities can be induced from the scoring function of the search engine. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. The weather parameters are fed to the stacked autoencoder and the reduced feature space is obtained for further classification into extreme and non-extreme events. We set α = 0.025  , context window size m to 10 and size of the word embedding d to be 200 unless stated otherwise. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. is implemented as a rule-based system. Post training  , the abstract level representation of the given terms can be obtained as shown in c. Transliteration: http://transliteration.yahoo.com/ x= x q = Figure 1: The architecture of the autoencoder K-500-250-m during a pre-training and b fine-tuning. where p m · and p s · denotes the likelihood function for moving objects and stationary object  , respectively. Instead of adhering to the standard 3-letter code  , they often provide different representations of unit symbols  , e.g. Normally the user cares "~. To establish if models such as a Zipf distribution can provide useful predictions  , in Section 4 we use metrics such as guesswork 13 and Shannon entropy. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. In addition to implementation simplicity  , viewing PIVOT as GROUP BY also yields many interesting optimizations that already apply to GROUP BY. Therefore  , the optimization function is changed to Thus  , for materialized views  , it may be adequate to limit support to a subclass of common operations where view substitution has a large query execution payoff. Therefore  , one possibility is to compare our folding pathways with experimental results known aboul folding intermediates. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. First  , we discussed the overall architecture for learning of complex motions by real robotic systems. served as ranking criterion. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. Such an approach might not fully explore the power of multiple kernels. For both the image data set and the audio data set  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables by a factor of 14 to 18. Here we evaluate the performance of whole page retrieval. SQL systems tend to be more efficient than triple stores  , because the latter need query plans with many self-joins – one per SPARQL triple pattern. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. Section 3 describes semantic relevance measure  , and categorization and weighting of interpretation words. Using the semantic relevance measure  , retrieval tasks were performed to evaluate the semantic relevance measure and the categorized and weighted pictogram retrieval approach. Investigation of Moodle's access control model revealed 31 semantic smells and 2 semantic errors  , distributed in 3 categories.  We design an efficient last-to-first allocating strategy to approximately estimate the ranking-based marginal influence spread of nodes for a given ranking  , further improving the efficiency of IMRank. Lucene then compared to Juru  , the home-brewed search engine used by the group in previous TREC conferences. Given a finite time series Xt = xt : 1 ≤ t ≤ T   , the Shannon entropy can be expressed as introduced an incremental version of DBSCAN 10. For gq  , p  , hq  , q0 ∈ 0  , 1  , we apply a sigmoid/logistic function given by σ· = 1 1+e −· . Given their inherent overlap  , a mapping between the models is reasonable with some exceptions that require special attention. For each incorrect answer  , we first generalised the SPARQL query by removing a triple pattern  , or by replacing a URI by a variable. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. The open parameters for the forest training are the minimum cardinality of the set of training points at a leaf node  , the maximum number of feature components to sampIe at each split node and the number of trees in the forest. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. In this section  , we compare DIR to the informationtheoretic measures traditionally used to evaluate rule interestingness see table 1for formulas:  the Shannon conditional entropy 9  , which measures the deviation from equilibrium;  the mutual information 12  , the Theil uncertainty 23 22  , the J-measure 21  , and the Gini index 2 12  , which measure the deviation from independence. S is a transfer function matrix that represent the compliance Ule deal with the robustness at thls stage. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. Furthermore  , RaPiD7 is characterized by the starting point of its development; problems realizing in inspections. We discovered that CLARANS is approximately 15 times faster in our configuration than in the configuration specified in Est96 for all data sizes. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. Depending on the language attribute supplied along with the DESCRIPTION SHORT and DESCRIPTION LONG elements in BMEcat 2005  , multiple translations of product name and description can be lang={en  , de  , . The following equations describe those used as the foundation of our retrieval strategies. We deal with this problem by starting from multiple starting points. 2 summarizes related works. Using this AXdiand the transfer function matrix Gi which we design in previous section  , the i-th follower can estimate the desired trajectory of the i-th virtual leader. These motifs co-occur together very often. However  , they all have the scalability problem mentioned above. We use an evaluation framework that extends BSBM 2 to set up the experiment environment. This indicates that IMRank is efficient at solving the influence maximization problem via finding a final self-consistent ranking. In this section  , we elaborate on a complementary example that uses structured data on the Web of Data. More specifically  , we compute two entropy-based features for the EDA and EMG-CS data: Shannon entropy and permutation entropy. We use the Kolmogorov- Smirnov test KS  , whose p-values are shown in the last column of Table 3. We set out to address two questions. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , Another 216 words returned the same results for the three semantic relevance approaches. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. In addition  , under the two different diffusion models  , IMRank shows similar improvements on influence spread from the relative improvement angle. Table 4Table 4  , the SDM-CA and MLM-CA baselines optimized SDM and MLM both outperform previously proposed models on the entire query set  , most significantly on QALD-2 and ListSearch query sets. The optimal weights of FSDM indicate increased importance of bigram matches on every query set  , especially on QALD-2. 2 by gradient descent. Second   , the Clarke-Tax has proven to have important desirable properties: it is not manipulable by individuals  , it promotes truthfulness among users 11  , and finally it is simple. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. He had to use special hardware for real-time performance. 2 is minimized. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. Related problems have been considered in dynamic or differential game theory  , graph theory  , and computational geometry. Then  , k-Bisimk-Bisim ref G = k- BisimG. We used Berlin SPARQL Benchmark BSBM 5 as in 16 with two datasets: 1M and 10M. Similar to 18  , 20 introduces a system  , TagAssist  , designed to suggest tags for blog posts. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. Thus  , an important question originally considered in TB88  , Hu96   , which was never raised in traditional view-maintenance work  , is to determine whether a view is maintainable  , that is  , guaranteed to have a unique new state  , given an update to the base relations   , an instance of the views  , and an instance of a subset of the base relations. We feel that in many applications a superior baseline can be developed. We made use of Spearman's rho 8  , which measures the monotonic consistency between two variables   , to test whether NST@Self stays in line with modelfree methods. Note that the value of local features may be larger than 1 as the activation function used in the autoencoder is ReLU for better sparsity. The first method is to take the fast Fourier transform FFT of the impulse response for Table 2: Characteristic frequencies for link 2 a given impulse command. Although the methods resemble each other in many ways  , the differences are evident. Nonetheless  , the results suggest that a simple dictionary-based approach can be as effective as a sophisticated MT system for CLIR. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. The obtained transfer function matrix is given by: To identify the unknown parameters  , we use an autoregressive moving average with exogeneous model ARMAX. Our results show that both proposed methods improve the baseline in different ways  , thus suggesting that Linked Data can be a valuable source of knowledge for the task of concept recommendation. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. This paper has presented a binary paradigm in robotics and has developed one method for solving the problem of optimal design for pick-and-place tasks. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. Our method is similar to these methods as we directly optimize the IR evaluation measure i.e. Experiments for English and Dutch MoIR  , as well as for English-to-Dutch and Dutch-to-English CLIR using benchmarking CLEF 2001-2003 collections and queries demonstrate the utility of our novel MoIR and CLIR models based on word embeddings induced by the BWESG model. , for rare terms  , the amount of least information is bounded by the number of inferences. 25 concentrates on parallelizing stochastic gradient descent for matrix completion. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. In this section  , we conduct a series of experiments to validate our major claims on the TDCM model. After obtaining   , another essential component in Eqn. We first analyzed the theoretical property of kernel LSH KLSH. To verify our findings  , we pool viewing time and relevance labels from all queries  , and compute Pearson correlation between them. Relevance is determined by the underlying text search engine based on the common scoring metric of term frequency inverse document frequency. The available items are also personalized  , they are based on the behavior of the client rather than a temporal locality. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. For the QALD experiments described later  , we annotated the query using DBpedia Spotlight 7. Many data sets are incomplete. In the information theory  , the concept of entropy developed by Shannon measures the extent to which a system is organized or disorganized. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. Figure 6shows the distribution of queries over clients. 14 Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The novelty of the solution lies in the implementation . The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. Specific terms contain more semantic meanings and distinguish a topic from others. 1a  , the autoencoder is trained with native form and its transliterated form together. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Sutton 11 employed Q-learning in his Dyna architecture and presented an application of optimal path finding problems. They converge to particular values that turned out to be quite reasonable. It first understands the NL query by extracting phrases and labeling them as resource  , relation  , type or variable to produce a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG. Although not included here  , we also evaluated those queries using D2R 0.8.1 with the –fast option enabled. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. TBSL 19 uses so called BOA patterns as well as string similarities to fill the missing URIs in query templates and bridge the lexical gap. This means users have small variance on these queries  , and the search engine has done well for these queries  , while on the queries with click entropy≥2.5  , the result is disparate: both P-Click and G-Click methods make exciting performance. The primary contribution of this work is increased understanding of effectiveness measures based on explicit user models. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. For this setting  , the chart in Figure 9b depicts the average times to execute the BSBM query mix; furthermore  , the chart puts the measures in relation to the times obtained for our engine with a trust value cache in the previous experiment. The logistic function is widely used as the likelihood function  , which is defined as  Binary actions with r ij ∈ {−1  , 1}. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. Therefore  , we need to deal with potentially infinite number of related learning problems  , each for one of the query q ∈ Q. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. Moreover  , two-sample Kolmogorov-Smirnov KS test of the samples in the two groups indicates that the difference of the two groups is statistically significant . The results of PRMS are significantly worse compared to MLM in our settings  , which indicates that the performance of this model degrades in case of a large number of fields in entity descriptions. With this model  , we can reduce the effects of background words and learn a model which better captures words concentrating around users' collective interests. Since IMRank adjusts all nodes in decreasing order of their current ranking-based influence spread Mrv  , the values of Mr After each iteration of IMRank  , a ranking r is adjusted to another ranking r ′ . In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Different limb-terrain interactions generate 222 gait bounce signals with different information content  , thus deliberate limb motions can effect higher information content. Section 4 concerns the data collection and fitting procedures for computation of leg model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. are themselves further defined in terms of pattern expressions in a text reference language which allows keywords  , positional contexts  , and simple syntactic and semantic notions. We choose to traverse the tree using depth-first search DFS. Then each sub-image is represented by those visual words from these vocabularies through codebook lookup of each raw image feature and finally the full image feature set is constructed. 1997 found that their corpus-based CLIR queries performed almost as well as the monolingual baseline queries. We found that this makes all methods slower by 0.02s but it avoids the need for precomputation. Once these enhancements are in place  , i.e. For doing that  , the downhill Simplex method takes a set of steps. In computa­ tional geometry  , there are various paper folding problems as well 25. Session: LBR Highlights March 5–8  , 2012  , Boston  , Massachusetts  , USA  Multiple autoencoders can be stacked so that the activations of hidden layer l are used as inputs to the autoencoder at layer l + 1. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Both outperform SpotSigs substantially. Hence  , the likelihood of a value assignment being useful  , is computed as: It follows that transformation of SDM into FSDM increases the importance of bigram matches  , which ultimately improves the retrieval performance  , as we will demonstrate next. 4first out queue called Q in Fig. Lin et al. ω k denotes the combination parameters for each term with emotion e k   , and can be estimated by maximizing log-likelihood function with L2 i.e. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. No instance information is captured in a view diagram besides that in the form of assertions. The actual CLIR research seeks to answer the question how fuzzy translation should be applied in an automatic CLIR query formulation and interactive CLIR to achieve the best possible retrieval performance. Having computed the topical distribution of each individual tweet  , we can now estimate an entire profile's topical diversity and do so by using the Shannon diversity theorem entropy: Topical Diversity. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. This approach is similar to the one described in  Second  , we tested a more sophisticated named entity recognizer NER based upon a regularized maximum entropy classifier with Viterbi decoding. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. Folded testing. Methods for resolving lixal redundancy determine joint trajectories from the instantaneous motion needed to follow a desired end-effector path. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. The learning rate q determines how rapidly EG learns from each example. This is a content-aware model  , which is able to predict unobserved prefix-query pairs. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Yet  , we turn to a decomposition-like scheme  , where a product result of fuzzy evidence structures is treated as a fuzzy like focal with mass 1  , and it is further decomposed into a crisp evidence structure in the same manner as 3. We observe that our PLSA model outperforms the cosine similarity measure in all the three data sets. The accuracy of the traffic light map is coupled to the accuracy of the position estimates of the mapping car. Yan et al. It is also interesting to find that the best CLIR performance is over 100% of the monolingual. Of these two  , imputation has the practical advantage that one can analyse the completed database using any tool or method desired. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. The visible layer of the bottom-most RBM is character level replicated softmax layer as described in Section 4.2. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. The second is an audio dataset that contains 2.6 million words  , each represented by a 192-dimensional feature vector. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. They are matched to one of these C groups by applying a PLSA model on the concatenated document features. We explain the work about question answering from database or knowledge base using deep learning in which only question answer pairs and the database or knowledge base are used in construction of the system 4  , 28  , 38  , 41  , 1  , 43  , 42 We introduce the recent progress in image retrieval using deep learning in which only images and their associated texts questions are used as training data 15  , 14  , 17  , 36  , 24  , 23. The fixed keyframes are selected based on a common landmark. In the other experiments  , the English queries are translated into French and French queries are translated into English using various tools: 2. Because the commercial versions of the dictionaries were converted automatically to CLIR versions  , with no manual changes done to the dictionaries or the translations  , the performance level of the CLIR queries achieved in the study can be achieved in practice in an operational CLIR setting. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . The robot in this comparison is a differentially driven wheelchair and the lower bound eq. The gradient has a similar form as that of J1 except for an additional marginalization over y h . The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. The impulse was effected by tapping on the finger with a light and stiff object. From Figure 3  , it follows that  , on the entire query set  , FSDM performs better than SDM on a larger number of topics than vice versa  , with the most significant difference on SemSearch ES query set. There is at present no standard yardstick. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. We showed that by using a generic approach to generate SPARQL queries out of predicate-argument structures  , HAWK is able to achieve up to 0.68 F-measure on the QALD-4 benchmark. The consistent performance of IMRank1 and IMRank2 demonstrates the effectiveness of IMRank. The BSBM SPARQL queries are designed in such a way that they contain different types of queries and operators  , including SELECT/CONTRUCT/DESCRIBE  , OPTIONAL  , UNION. Of the 50 training questions provided by the QALD benchmark   , 11 questions rely on namespaces which we did not incorporate for predicate detection: FOAF 8 and YAGO 9 . The efforts are based on heuristic fitting the system model in order to obtain the required properties of the model to be used 27- 311. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. This indicates that the OTM model  , which combines the statistical foundation of PLSA and the orthogonalized constraint  , improves topic representation of documents to a certain degree. Thus we have 21 scene features for hypothesis generation  , 10 of which are valid features of PRISM5. Second one  , numerically calculate the derivative using the finite difference method. Whether the European Article Number EAN or the Global Trade Item Number GTIN is mapped depends on the type-attribute supplied with the BMEcat element. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. It is given by , most of their content is in a few categories  , or are users more varied ? Delrin and ABS plastics were used to fabricate the frame and links. , BMEcat does not allow to model range values by definition. In this literature  , in this work  , we only use HTML deobfuscation and MIME normalization. The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. Thus solving the graph search problem in the center of the proposed alignments are product details and product-related business details. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The second issue is the problem of cross-language information retrieval. The work presented by 12  , 16  proves that the features of a sentence/document can be learnt through its word embedding. In contrast  , Nelder and Mead's Downhill -Simplex method requires much stricter control over which policies are evaluated. 12bottom. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. Evaluation of the scoring mechanisms understanding why appropriate sentences received lower scores than higher ranked sentences and understanding the contribution of the individual mechanisms will also likely lead to improvements. The Shannon Entropy  , H n is defined as: An illustrative example of a catalog and its respective conversion is available online 7 . In Section 5  , we describe our proposed framework which is based on the Clarke Tax mechanism. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. pLSA has shown promise in ad hoc information retrieval  , where it can be used as a semantic smoothing technique. Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. , number of extra hash buckets to check  , for the multiprobe LSH method and the entropy-based LSH method. Furthermore  , many semantic optimization techniques can only be applied if the declarative constraints are enforced. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. As shown in Table 2  , the Linked Data measures outperform the baseline system across all criteria. In our approach we made several important assumptions about the model of the environment. Plume is a library of utility programs and data structures http://code.google. We call this tree the LSH Tree. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Given the word embeddings  , this task is solved by finding the word d * whose embedding is closest to the vector u b − ua + uc in terms of cosine proximity  , i.e. It chooses document xi with prob- ability HyProximity suggestions were most commonly described as " really interesting " and " OI-oriented "   , while the suggestions of Random Indexing were most often characterized as " very general " . This reader provides thumbnail overviews  , freehand pen annotations  , highlighting  , text sticky notes  , bookmarks  , and full text keyword search. We use MLE method to estimate the population of web robots. In deciding whether a query will return an empty result set  , our method ignores those operators e.g. We use a model that separates observed voting data into confounding factors  , such as position and social influence bias  , and article-specific factors.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . HI can achieve good imputation results when the missing ratio is low. The proposed model has a similar general structure to the author-topic model  , but with additional machinery to handle the distribution of breaking news  , friends' timeline and background words respectively. Then the inverse FFT returns the resulted CoM trajectory into time domain. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. , by breadth-first  , best-first or depth-first search. The sparsity parameter value has been adjusted to tune the model. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. The best ranking loss averaged among the four DSRs is 0.2287 given by Structured PLSA + Local Prediction compared with the baseline of 0.2865. For each rank in the interleaved list a coin is flipped to decide which ranker assigns the next document. In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. We present a probabilistic model for the retrieval of multimodal documents. We use word embeddings of size 50 — same as for the previous task. We also propose to use optimal control to design the visual controller. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. We have run all queries with 20 times with different parameters  , in warm mode run. The resulting sets of queries together with query plans generated by PostgreSQL9.1.9  , and the resulting query evaluation time are available at http://bit.ly/15XSdDM. We apply generic Viterbi search techniques to efficiently find a near-optimal summary 7. The resulting groups are then used to define the memberships of modules. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. For thrift-lib-w2-5t  , although HaPSet checked 14 runs  , it actually spent more time than what DPOR spent on checking 23 runs. The estimated values were: 60 Allele  , 40 Expression  , 25 Gene Ontology and 25 Tumor. The similarity matrix is M M M ∈ R 100×100   , which adds another 10k parameters to the model. If the precomputations would have to be run often  , we suggest not using the precomputations and instead running the Dijkstra search in AFTERGOAL with an unsorted array Section IV-B.1. Latent variable modeling is a promising technique for many analytics and predictive inference applications. Either the BMEcat supplier defines two separate features  , or the range values are encoded in the FVALUE element of the feature. It is of some interest that our " general " prediction model led to better performance improvement than out taskspecific models. The requirement for random access can be accommodated with conventional indexing or hashing methods. In Sect. Furthermore  , it can minimize the proliferation of repeated  , incomplete  , or outdated definitions of the same product master data across various online retailers; by means of simplifying the consumption of authoritative product master data from manufacturers by any size of online retailer. A deep redesign implementing the DELOS Reference Model2 must cover this lack  , as it is intended to be a common framework for the broad coverage of the digital library universe. The vibration response is shown in figure 8. The signal detection operates on a power signal; a Fast Fourier Transform FFT is being done which trans­ forms the signal in time domain into frequency domain. To ensure that edge score is a probability  , |  , is computed via softmax as |  , exp ∑ exp {10} {1 ,2 ,7 ,10}{1 ,2 ,3 ,7 ,8 ,10} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,7 ,8 ,92 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Description ,Library {9} {4 ,6 ,9} {1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11}{1 ,2 ,3 ,4 ,5 ,6 ,7 ,8 ,9 ,11} Even if the indexing phase is correct  , certain documents may not have been indexed under all the conditions that could apply to them. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Table entries are set according to the scoring model of the search engine; thus  , At ,d is the score of document d for term t. typeahead.js 4 and Bootstrap 3. A denoising autoencoder DAE is an improvement of the autoencoder  , which is designed to learn more robust features and prevent the autoencoder from simply learning the identity. For BSBM we executed the same ten generated queries from each category  , computed the category average and reported the average and geometric mean over all categories. A pure relevance-based based model finds relevance by using semantic information. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. ×MUST generates the second smallest test suite containing the largest number of non-redundant tests and the smallest number of redundant tests Fig. In this section  , CLQS is tested with French to English CLIR tasks. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. The two figures show that even at different granularities  , both NST@Self and NSTS@Crowd present similar patterns in check-in data and online shopping data  , which implies that novelty-seeking trait distribution tends to show consistency across heterogeneous domains. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The second probabilistic model goes a step further and takes into account the content similarities among passages. The following three runs were performed in our Chinese to English CLIR experiments: 1. Figure 6 shows the results of these evaluations. BSBM supposes a realistic web application where the users can browse products and reviews. This likelihood is given by the function In order to come up with a set of model parameters to explain the observations  , the likelihood function is maximized with respect to all possible values for the parameters . In the three semantic relevance approaches 4  , 5  , and 6  , a cutoff value of 0.5 was used. The Reverse Dijkstra heuristic is as described in Section 3.2.3 and shows significant improvement. The simplest forward transfer-function matrix to achieve these objectives is where IC = diag ,{k ,} is a constant nxn matrix to be determined . It is generally agreed that the probabilistic approach provides a sound theoretical basis for the development of information retrieval systems. Experiments showed that methods with the LIB quantity were more effective in terms of within-cluster accuracy e.g. The resulting vocabulary contains 150k words out of which only 60% are found in the word embeddings model. The hierarchy is determined by the group identifier of the catalog structure that refers to the identifier of its parent group. Deterministic methods exploit heuristics which consider the component characteristics to configure the system structure 35. The BSBM benchmark 1 is built around an e-commerce use case  , and its data generator supports the creation of arbitrarily large datasets using the number of products as scale factor. This basic unit of objective information  , the bit  , was more formally related to thermodynamics by Szilard. Traditional information retrieval models are mainly classified into classic probabilistic model  , vector space model and statistical language model. We case-fold in our experiments. It allows learning accurate predictive models from large relational databases. It has already been shown that the Hamming distance between different documents will asymptotically approach their Euclidean distance in the original feature space with the increase of the hashing bits. The objective function can be solved by the stochastic gradient descent SGD. According to the preference towards more general or more specific concepts  , it is therefore possible to advise the user with regard to which of the two methods is more suitable for the specific use case. According to Hull and Grefenstette 1996 human translation in CLIR experiments is an additional source of error. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. their mAP values: Recently  , Word Embedding WE has emerged as a more effective word representation than  , among others  , LSA 8  , 9  , 10. The experiments reported used a breadth first search till maximum depth 3 using the words falling in the synsets category. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. This query is shown in Figure 7. The construction of a semantic space with RI is as follows: The inconsistent performance of PMIA and IRIE under the two diffusion models illustrates that both PMIA and IRIE are unstable. The relevance assessments are determined manually for the whole dataset  , unlike in some other datasets proposed for semantic search evaluation  , such as the Semantic Search Workshop data 9   , where the relevance assessments were determined by assessing relevance for documents pooled form 100 top results from each of the participating systems  , queries were very short  , and in text format. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Thus  , specific terms are useful to describe the relevance feature of a topic. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Students and professionals were treated separately. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Elastic Search 1 is a search server based on Lucene that provides the ability to quickly build scalable search engines. We first conduct a breadth-first or depth-first search on the graph. Note that all the documents in a typical CLIR setup are assumed to be written in the corresponding native scripts. , between 0.6-0.95 with small lead time less than 2 weeks  , but the Pearson correlation decreases all the way below 0 while lead time increases to 20. The concept of a likelihood function can easily be used to statistically test a given hypothesis  , by applying the likelihood ratio test. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Figure 3b shows a distribution of the ratio of the error of the one-step covariance to the full UKF covariance  , where 7000 trials were performed using 100 different priors and a range of initial conditions and trajectories were used to calculate the M matrix. where the measurements {Ri  , z ;} are assumed to be independent given the object state Xt. Figure 11shows the analytical and experimental values of G for t w o orthogonal directions. Therefore  , we cannot draw a firm conclusion about the retrieval advantage of probabilistic CLIR without further study. This work could be extended in several directions. A limitation of the case studies is that all the applications and components used were software developed by ABB Inc. involving .lib library files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. From the experimental results   , we can see that SAE model outperforms other machine learning methods. With the addition of power and controls to the unfolded composite  , it would be possible to build a robot that could deploy in its two­ dimensional form  , fold itself  , and begin operations. Once the semantic relevance values were calculated  , the pictograms were ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the major category. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. In the field of information science  , Shannon has defined information as the degree of entropy. The main goal was to bring Lucene's ranking function to the same level as the state-of-the-art ranking formulas like those traditionally used by TREC participants. Another approach is to apply the Kolmogorov complexity that measures the signal complexity by its minimum description length  , that in the limit tends to the Shannon Entropy measure. This allowed us to validate the BMEcat converter comprehensively. To prevent its clients now on the stack from requiring the relevant FilePermission—which a maliciously crafted client could misuse to erase the contents Classes Permissions Enterprise School Lib Priv java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "ibm.com:80"  , "connect" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu"  , "resolve" java.net. SocketPermission "vt.edu:80"  , "connect" java.io. FilePermission "C:/log.txt"  , "write" Upon constructing a Socket  , Lib logs the operation to a file. A softmax regressor layer is connected to FC9 to output the label of input samples. If two words are semantically similar  , the cosine similarity – as per Equation 3 – of their word vectors is higher. Table 4outlines the mapping of catalog groups in BMEcat to RDF. Another possibility to measure the relevance of the covered terms may be reflected by using independent semantic techniques. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. 5 Due to the utilization of a set of special properties of empty result sets  , its coverage detection capability is often more powerful than that of a traditional materialized view method. The goal of this scoring is to optimize the degree to which the asker and the answerer feel kinship and trust  , arising from their sense of connection and similarity  , and meet each other's expectations for conversational behavior in the interaction. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. The RBMs are stacked on top of each other to constitute a deep architecture. Similar to what people has done for optimizing ranking measures such as MAP or NDCG  , we find an approximate solution by constructing a new approximate objective function that is differentiable. However  , for BSBM dataset  , DFSS outperforms ITRMS for both scalability experiments see Figure 4c and Figure 5a. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation. The authors clarify the importance of OBIE approaches  , as they describe such systems as a bridging technology which combines text understanding systems and IE systems. We omit Raw for word-sequence embedding w W S because there is no logic in comparing word-sequence vectors of two different documents. We can thus ob-tain a closed representation for each frequency band by performing a Fast Fourier Transformation FFT  , resulting in a set of 256 coefficients for the respective sine and cosine parts. A hidden unit is said to be active or firing if it's output is close to 1 and inactive if it's output is close to 0. The ζµi; yi is the log-likelihood function for the model being estimated. As in the previous experimentation  , we run a new experimentation with 2 different BSBM datasets of 1M hosted on the same LDF server with 2 different URLs. 25 discussed a ranking method for the Semantic Web that calculates the result relevance on the proof tree of a formal query. In addition  , application programs are typically highly tuned in performance-critical applications e.g. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. The basic operation here is to retrieve the knowledge base entity matching the spotted query desire  , query input and their relation. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. Local R 2 FP selects the most conductive features in the sub-region and summarizes the joint distribution of the selected features  , which enhances the robustness of the final representation and promotes the separability of the pooled features. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. In QALD-3 a multilingual task has been introduced  , and since QALD-4 the hybrid task is included. In this solution only the locking and unlocking operations are valid. But when thinking further  , it is not difficult to explain the result as KLSH-best only explores a single kernel  , while KLSH-Uniform jointly exploits multiple kernels . Several papers 12 13 report that proximity scoring is effective when the query consists of multiple words. The marginal likelihood is obtained by integrating out hence the term marginal  the utility function values fi  , which is given by: This means optimizing the marginal likelihood of the model with respect to the latent features and covariance hyperparameters. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. A simplex is simply a set of N+l guesses  , or vertices  , of the N-dimensional statevector sought and the error associated with each guess. There are workloads that are very sensitive to changes of the DMP. In the recent fourth installment of QALD  , hybrid questions on structured and unstructured data became a part of the benchmark. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. ,  , m 10The computational strategy adopted for understanding a document consists of a hierarchical model fitting  , which limits the range of labelling possibilities. The evaluation shows the difficulty of the task  , as well as the promising results achieved by the new method. , Google with song  , album and artist names. For each of the tree methods  , small improvement can be seen This means the personalized models do not have the opportunity to promote results of low general interest i.e. The fitting with this extended model is considerably better Fig. SV M struct generalizes multi-class Support Vector Machine learning to complex data with features extracted from both inputs and outputs. Interestingly  , Figure 5bshows that the subspaces of the vector states sr for r > 1 consist of more than one dense clusters see  , e.g. Even though a common approach in CLIR is to perform query translation QT using a bilingual dictionary 32  , there were studies showing that combining both QT and document translation DT improved retrieval performance in CLIR by using bilingual representations in both the source and target language 28  , 19  , 7  , 4. In the second set of experiments  , we use transductive support vector machine for model training. News has traditionally been delivered in pre-packaged forms originally in newspapers   , which h a ve subsequently been joined by radio and television broadcasts  , and most recently by internet news services. Therefore Lye have the following result. This is done using stochastic gradient descent. The distinction will be addressed in more detail in Section 2.3. The control voltages of controllers for the motor and the PZT actuators are sent to the servo amplifier and the ACX amplifier  , respectively  , through a PCL-727 D/A card. Then the labeled target language data in At are used to compute the backpropagated errors to tune the parameters in the target language SAE. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Therefore  , the classification ends up scoring Shannon less similar to himself than to Monica probably due to high diversity of her sample images  as well as to Kobe Bryant Table 1. Section 2 describes related work. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Based on the above derivation  , we can use the stochastic gradient descent method to find the optimal parameters. To simulate the distributed environment  , the documents were allocated into 32 different databases using a random allocator with replication. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. The Pearson correlations of the predicted voice quality and human-annotated voice quality are illustrated in Table  3. Based on the 149 topics of the Terabyte tracks  , the results of modified Lucene significantly outperform the original Lucene and are comparable to Juru's results. Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. These two phases of oscillation appears by turns. In the following  , two approaches  , namely JAD and Agile modeling  , are discussed shortly in terms of main similarities and differences with RaPiD7. Figure 2b depicts the influence spread of top-50 nodes. Then  , two paralleled embedding layers are set up in the same embedding space  , one for the affirmative context and the other for the negated context  , followed by their loss functions. To meet that goal  , we analyze the questions in QALD and WebQuestions and find most of them the detail statistics are also on our website mentioned above can be categorized to special patterns shown in Table 2. ,  ,nn and outputs yl  , .. ,yp. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. WNB-G-MCMC also performs slightly better than WNB-MCMC. In both cases  , suspended and deviant users are visibly characterized by different distributions: suspended users tend to have higher deviance scores than deviant not suspended users. This is done by recursively firing co-author search tactics. once the shortcomings mentioned in Section 6.2 are addressed  , we will evaluate our approach on a larger scale  , for example using the data provided by the second instalment of the QALD open challenge  , which comprises 100 training and 100 test questions on DBpedia  , and a similar amount of questions on MusicBrainz . In the previous section we have introduced the general functionality of the CS and its logical architecture. Since it is difficult  , in general  , to decide which junction belongs to the scene object of interest  , we matched all 21 features with the corresponding model ones. 6demonstrates the fact that more than 60% of features are zero when the sparsity constraint is utilized in the autoencoder combined with the ReLU activation function. Trend of the coefficients of Jq in q = 0 during learning. From a statistical language modeling perspective  , meaning of a word can be characterized by its context words. Finally  , the most complex query Show me all songs from Bruce Springsteen released between 1980 and 1990 contains a date range constraint and was found too hard to answer by all systems evaluated in the QALD evaluation 5. Then the term and the location are generated dependent on this topic assignment  , according to two different multinomial distributions. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Note  , however  , that  , in contrast to group commit  , our method does not impose any delays on transaction commits other than the log I/O Itself. 6 directly with stochastic gradient descent. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. The heuristic fitting provides matching of intuitive a priori assumptions on the system and determines the system model structure. Kumar et al. We extend the BSBM by trust assessments. i.e. In summary  , it is clear that most users do have clear affinities to beer types  , with only a small minority of explorers willing to experiment widely. One reason for this result could be that our general prediction model does not depend upon " clientside " data  , such as activity on SERPs and content pages  , which was unavailable  , whereas the task-specific prediction models depend upon such data. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. , " who created wikipedia ? " We have submitted 6 ranking-based runs. 1 is to assure that each word w  , regardless of its actual language  , obtains word collocates from both vocabularies. However  , applying the probabilistic IR model into legal text retrieval is relatively new. Thus  , we should use these pages for training as well. 6 for large datasets is to use mini-batch stochastic gradient descent. This amounts to a breadth first search of the frequent itemsets on a lattice. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The Shannon entropy of a clickstream S u i α k is thus a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. HyProximity measures improve the baseline across all performance measures  , while Random indexing improves it only with regard to recall and F-measure for less than 200 suggestions. and adopts this combined kernel for KLSH. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. This crucial benefit of graphs recently led to an emerging interest in graph based data mining 7. Support Vector Machine is well known for its generalization performance and ability in handling high dimension data. Compared to pLSA  , Lap- PLSA shows more robust performance: diversification with pLSA can underperform the baseline given an improperly set K  , while diversification with LapPLSA regularized by the subtopics from an external resource in general outperforms the baseline irrespective of the choice of K. The only exception is the case where K = 2  , which is presumably not a sensible choice for K. Second  , judging from Figure 3   , the effectiveness of each resource differs on different topic sets. Typically  , HRI research explores the mechanisms for interaction  , such as gaze following  , smooth pursuit  , face detection  , and affect characterization 8. The VLBG creates a graph where each node corresponds to a state that the vehicle may visit. Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The online check-ins contain abundant information of users' physical movements in daily lives  , e.g. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. As experimentation of our approach  , we choose GoldDLP 1   , an ontology describing a financial domain. An important feature of this is that the tf·idf scores are calculated only on the terms within the index  , so that anchortext terms are kept separate from terms in the document itself. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Previously  , we developed various document-context dependent retrieval models 1 that operate in a RF environment. The mixed-effects model in Eq. However  , the complexity of DBSCAN is OMogN. Cross-Language Information Retrieval CLIR remains a difficult task. Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. The two most important exceptions that require special attention are historical data support and geometric modellii. Nallapati et al. the search procedure is breadth first search which examines all the nodes on one level of the tree before any nodes of the next level ignoring the goal distance Ac. Using a single word embedding to represent multiple such topics may result in embeddings that conflate them  , i.e. , if the expanded text has subsections that were folded  , they remain folded. When an application initializes Comm- Lib  , it automatically initiates an instance of ServiceX. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. We will provide some comparisons of them in image annotation problem in Section 4.2. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. After adding each predictor  , a likelihood test is conducted to check whether the new predictor has increased the model fitting 6. One promising method is LCS longest common subsequence and another skipgrams 8. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Then  , the intensity p 0 was estimated from the retweet sequence of interest by using the fitting procedure developed in section 3.3. is non-proper. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. The second source of phrase data is iVia's PhraseRate keyphrase assignment engine 13. These models are based on basic thermodynamic theory and curve fitting of data from experiments. , with the ranks used in place of scores. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest. The first workshops  , when trying to find out the right approach for a specific document type  , are the most difficult ones. As the first click model for QAC  , our TDCM model could be extended in several ways in the future. In the faceted distillation task  , we use the support vector machine to evaluate the extent to which a blog post is opinionated. Recently  , Question Answering over Linked Data QALD has become a popular benchmark. 4. The CWB searches for subject keywords through a breadth-first search of the tree structure. Then  , we navigate in a breadth-first search manner through this classification. 6 can be estimated by maximizing the following data log-likelihood function  , ω and α in Eq. Probabilistic graphical models can further be grouped into generative models and discriminative models. We propose a robust method called DCT fingerprinting to address the sensitivity problem of hash-breaking. Following a typical approach for on-line learning  , we perform a stochastic gradient descent with respect to the   , S i−1 . Thus  , vector representations of words appearing in similar contexts will be close to each other. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: The Maximum a posteriori estimate MAP is a point estimate which maximizes the log of the posterior likelihood function 3. Is it useful to identify important parts in query images ? The average dimension was approximately about 6000 states. These feature vectors are used to train a SOM of music segments. Our task is to predict user engagement solely on the basis of inexpensive  , easy-to-acquire user interaction signals. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . The search for the optimal path follows the method presented in lo. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. On questions QALD-2  , about the same number of queries are improved and hurt. The dynamic programming exploration procedure can perform optimizations. In addition  , more work was put into developing the method and training RaPiD7 coaches that could independently take the method into use in their projects. The value that results in the best performance is shown in the graphs for DBSCAN. There are no semantic or pragmatic theories to guide us. The rise of B2B e-commerce revealed a series of new information management challenges in the area of product data integration 5 ,13. In their formulation  , they attached the weight to . Furthermore  , an external memory implementation would require significant additional disk space. , www.banking.com/img/lib/shell3.php  , were never made public   , anyone who knows them  , must know them because a shell  , either through client-side  , or server-side homephoning   , leaked its precise URL to an attacker. Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. The system takes a new  , untagged post  , finds other blog posts similar to it  , which have already been tagged  , aggregates those tags and recommends a subset of them to the end user. 6 For the BaiduQA dataset  , we train 100-dimensional word 20. Uses of probabilistic language models in information retrieval intended to adopt a theoretically motivated retrieval model given that recent probabilistic approaches tend to use too many heuristics. Sample 1 is the result of diversification using pLSA for varying K  , and sample 2 is the result of diversification using LapPLSA Table 6: Comparing performance of LapPLSA and pLSA over random K's. Since each Ik has an upper bound i.e. , FemaleHeadsOf- Government and HostCitiesOfTheSummerOlympicGames. The retrieval performance of 1 not-categorized  , 2 categorized  , and 3 categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approaches were compared  , and the categorized and weighted semantic relevance retrieval approach performed better than the rest. The experimental results in Table 5show that exploiting the emergent relational schema even in this very preliminary implementation already improves the performance of Virtuoso on a number of BSBM Explore queries by up to a factor of 5.8 Q3  , Hot run. A cutoff value of 0.5 was used for the three semantic relevance approaches. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Hence  , the input sentence matrix is augmented with an additional set of rows from the word type embeddings . The Semantic space method we use in the context of the Blog-Track'09 is Random Indexing RI  , which is not a typical method in the family of Semantic space methods. Dynamic instrumentation is more effective at prioritizing leaks by volume on a particular execution. , precision and purity. To evaluate the performance of the ranking functions  , we blended 200 documents selected by the cheap scoring function into the base-line set. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. In other words  , any possible ranking lists could be the final list with certain probability. WE metrics using word2vec 4. Once a model is learned  , a common strategy for the application of personalization is to rerank the top-n results 3  , 9. Mutual information is a measure of the statistical dependency between two random variables based on Shannon' s entropy and it is defined as the following: Thus probabilistic correlations among query terms  , contextual elements and document terms can be established based on the query logs  , as illustrated in Figure 1. Liu et al. Google outputs the top results of the Google search engine. Ponte and Croft first applied a document unigram model to compute the probability of the given query generated from a document 9. Its default download strategy is to perform a breadth-first search of the web  , with the following three modifications: 1. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Table I also presents some key configurations of the autoencoder . " Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. For check-in behavior  , the time-ordered check-in history of an individual corresponds to her action sequence in our general model. For more information on this approach see 7  , 6  , and 22. We proposed a new Word Embedding-based topic coherence metric  , and instantiated it using 8 different WE models. Therefore  , one can stop IMRank safely in practice by checking the change of top-k nodes between two successive iterations. In that sense  , we have presented a new framework for integrating external predicates into Datalog. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. It is often easier to recognize patterns in an audio signal when samples are converted to a frequency domain spectrogram using the Fast Fourier Transform FFT 3  , see Fig. by assigning a high score to a token outside the article text. The parameters of Q-learning and the exploration scheme are the same than in the previous experiments. These methods have become prominent in recent years because they combine scalability with high predictive accuracy. Channels and variables may either be local or global. Although the principle of using parallel texts in CLIR is similar  , the approaches used may be very different. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. Can we attribute the residual lift to interest in the brand or category ? The two functions will be used to evaluate both our GPbased approach and the baseline method in our experiments. We report the logarithm of the likelihood function  , averaged over all observations in the test set. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. However  , the fully connected AE ignores the high dimensionality and spatial structure of an image. The use of the fast Fourier transform and the necessity to iterate to obtain the required solution preclude this method from being used in real time control. In recent years  , more sophisticated features and models are used. CLOSET 11 and CLOSET+ 16 adopt a depth-first  , feature enumeration strategy. In order to design the controller  , we need to have the transfer function matrix of the robotic subsystem sampled with period T , ,. 1a and 1b. First  , the basic Skip-gram model is extended by inserting a softmax layer  , in order to add the word sentiment polarity. JAD provides many guidelines for the pre-session work and for the actual session itself  , but the planning is not step based  , as is the case with RaPiD7. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. 1 and Eq. The trace files were stored on a 7200 RPM SCSI disk whose data transfer rate far exceeded the update performance of the indexing methods  , guaranteeing that the testbed was Update cost  , index size  , and other metrics measured by the LOCUS testbed were collected at an interval of 2500 updates. Once the relevant pictograms are selected  , pictograms are then ranked according to the semantic relevance value of the query's major category. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control method for the exoskeleton  , upper-lib motion assist bower assist experiment has be& carried out with tbree healthy human subjects Subject A and B are 22 years old males  , Subject C is 23 years old male. Experiment 1. Initial weight ,s are typically set to i. The dropout layer  , Dropout8  , has a dropout probability of 0.5. Each value is the mean performance value of 163 retrieval tasks performed 9 . In the BSH catalog for example  , some fields that require floating point values contain non-numeric values like " / "   , " 0.75/2.2 "   , " 3*16 "   , or " 34 x 28 x 33.5 "   , which originates from improper values in the BMEcat. To evaluate our proposal  , we implemented two use cases that allowed us to produce a large quantity of product model data from BMEcat catalogs. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. First  , we integrate the likelihood function 25 over Θ to derive a marginal likelihood function only conditioned on the intent bias: Let's examine this updating procedure in more detail. The performance of Human Interest Model and Soft Pattern Bigram Model for each entity type can be seen in Figure 2 . By using RaPiD7 method  , the following benefits are expected to realize:  Artifacts and specifications will be produced in a relatively short time from couple of days to one week  Inspecting the documents will not be typically needed after the document has been authored in a workshop  Communication in projects will be easier and more effective  People can work more flexibly in teams as they all share the same information  The overall quality of artifacts and specifications will be improved  No re-work is needed and hence time is saved  Schedules for workshops in projects are known early enough to plan traveling efficiently  , and thus costs can be reduced 3URFHHGLQJVVRIIWKHWKK ,QWHUQDWLRQDO&RQIHUHQFHHRQ6RIWZDUHHQJLQHHULQJJ ,&6 ¶  , Workshop n. Finished Figure 2  , Creating a document using RaPiD7 RaPiD7 method can be applied for authoring nearly all types of documents. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. A typical CNN has one or more convolutional/max pooling layer pairs followed by one or more fully connected layers  , and finally a softmax layer. Moreover  , DBSCAN requires a human participant to determine the global parameter Eps. Our previous work 1  , 2 describes some designs that achieve this goal. com/p/plume-lib/  , downloaded on Feb. 3  , 2010. To measure the ability of a model to act as a generative model  , we computed test-set perplexity under estimated parameters and compared the resulting values. Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Learning. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. Model performance is demonstrated by emprical data. This challenge can deteriorate the performance of the hand-crafted feature-based approaches. At the beginning of learning control of each situation   , CMAC memory is refreshed. If just looking at the values of AUC  , WNB-G-HC has higher values of AUC than WNB-HC in 7 datasets. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Our method resulted in a precision of 42.10% and the baseline came in third with a precision of 30.05%. The methods used to represent these games are well known. Meta query optimization. Simplicity is a fundamental requirement in the design of solutions for this type of problems  , where users most likely have limited knowledge on how to protect their privacy through more sophisticated approaches. of the file or log false information in it—Lib creates an instance of Priv and passes it to doPrivileged  , the Java privilege-asserting API 6  , which modifies the stack-inspection mechanism as follows: at run time  , doPrivileged invokes the run method of that Priv object  , and when the stack inspection is performed to verify that each caller on the stack has been granted the necessary FilePermission  , the stack walk recognizes the presence of doPrivileged and stops at createSocket  , without demanding the FilePermission of the clients of Lib. average indexing weights  , document frequencies  automatically in non-co-operating environments 1. " Query type Q1 of the QUERY test represents a sequence of random proximity queries details below. Especially the latter poses a challenge  , as YAGO categories tend to be very specific and complex e.g. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. Edsger Dijkstra has written eloquently of " our inability to do much " 5. We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. I use WebScope Yahoo! The last line is explicitly fitting a mixedeffects model using the function lme in the nlme package. The SP 2 Bench and BSBM were not considered for our RDF fulltext benchmark simply due to the fact of their very recent publication. Theoretically   , word embedding model is aiming to produce similar vector representation to words that are likely to occur in the same context. The first option defines a feature for the lower range value and a feature for the upper range value  , respectively. Table 6shows examples of queries transformed through both alternatives. Model fitting and selection takes on average 7 ms  , and thus can be easily computed in real-time on a mobile robot. Picking the next query edge to fix is essentially a query optimization problem. Since an entity is not necessarily active at each time interval in the series it is possible to optimize Equation 2 such that T Si+1e will be dependent solely on the values of T Sje j ≤ i for which cje = 0. Using these interpretations  , it would be possible to relate this information measure to the conventional Shannon-Hartley entropy measure. Additionally  , we will assess the impact of full-text components over regular LD components for QA  , partake in the creation of larger benchmarks we are working on QALD-5 and aim towards multilingual  , schema-agnostic queries. We adopt this best kernel for KLSH. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. RaPiD7 has been developed and used in Nokia  , which can be referred to as being a large telecommunications company. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. A solution to a game describes classes of strategies for how best to play a game. Shaelyn is completing a similar task using Scholarly. Furthermore  , a semi-supervised learning method proposed in 6 is to perform binary code learning. In our case , . In a set-at-a-time system  , query optimization can take place at at least two levels. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items. Since it is hard to pick up the signals during contact phase  , we cannot use the Fast Fourier Transformation FFT technique which converts the signal from time-domain to frequencydomain . garbage collections. Compute D and perform a breadth-first search of D as indicated above starting with To as the set of visited vertices and ending when some vertex in the goal set 7~ ha5 been reached. , RSH and LWH  , we randomly sample 300 query samples from the 1000 labeled samples to compute the true ranking list. Moreover  , IMRank always works well with simple heuristic rankings  , such as degree  , strength. This makes using methods developed for automatic machine translation problematic. To define the embedding for a set of words W   , we define g : W → v W ∈ R d that computes embedding as: C3 We construct a novel unified framework for ad-hoc monolingual MoIR and cross-lingual information retrieval CLIR which relies on the induced word embeddings and constructed query and document embeddings. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. Denote I as an image dataset with n images  , and T as tag vocabulary with m tags. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. We compare the native SQL queries N  , which are specified in the BSBM benchmark with the ones resulting from the translation of SPARQL queries generated by Morph. The difference in unexpectedness is significant only in the case of Random Indexing vs. baseline. Given the user behavior observed by Klöckner et al. This would require extending the described techniques  , and creating new QA benchmarks. The obvious similarity with RaPiD7 is the idea of having well structured meetings in RaPiD7 called workshops in order to work out system details. However  , it remains to be seen whether Word Embedding can be effectively used to evaluate the coherence of topics in comparison with existing metrics. Researchers in information retrieval  , machine learning  , data mining  , and game theory are developing creative ideas to advance the technologies in this area. where µi ∈ R denotes a user-specific offset. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. , SEIR and EpiFast  , on the other hand  , performs not as well as social media-based methods with small lead time  , but the Pearson correlation does not drop significantly when lead time increases. We design the transfer function matrix G; similar to the case of previous section. These results indicate that higher use rate will give better results in terms of improved communication  , authoring efficiency and defect rate reduction. The ratio of the rotation of the motor t o the input command represents the maqnitude of G a t each frequency. Using the sample of EANs  , we then looked up the number of vendors that offer the products by entering the EAN in the search boxes on Amazon.de  , Google Shopping Germany  , and the German comparison shopping site preissuchmaschine.de 16 . All interested merchants have then the possibility of electronically publishing and consuming this authoritative manufacturer data to enhance their product offerings relying on widely adopted product strong identifiers such as EAN  , GTIN  , or MPN. We maintained a vocabulary of 177 ,044 phrases by choosing those with more than 2 occurrences. In step.1  , T h Assistant Array S The complete optimization objective used by this model is given in Table 1 . IBM Haifa This year  , the experiments of IBM Haifa were focused on the scoring function of Lucene  , an Apache open-source search engine. The French queries serve to establish a useful upper baseline for CLIR effectiveness. The inferences are exclusive and involve different meanings . The user interacts with the QAC engine horizontally and vertically according to the H  , D and R models. As in 10   , we used two kinds of correlations: Pearson and Spearman. We also use the gradient clipping technique 28  to alleviate the exploding gradient prob- lem 2 we set the value of the threshold = 1. It does not occur in an operational CLIR setting. they are defined as instances rdf:type of classes derived from the catalog group hierarchy. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding.