For MR-TDSSM  , we implemented two LSTMs in different rates  , where the fast-rate LSTM uses daily signals and the slow-rate LSTM uses weekly signals. Finally  , Figure 4shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity at all ranks. The parameters of the LSTM configuration  , i.e. Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity for all queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Furthermore  , Figure 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D consistently outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity for rare and torso queries  , with larger improvements observed for less frequent queries. Since the short-term user history is often quite sparse  , models like LSTM that has many training parameters cannot learn enough evidence from the sparse inputs. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D outperforms NCM LSTM QD+Q in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood. For generation   , we first use an LSTM-RNN to encode the input sequence query to a vector space  , and then use another LSTM-RNN to decode the vector into the output sequence reply 32; for retrievals  , we adopt the LSTM-RNN to construct sentence representations and use cosine similarity to output the matching score 25. Table 3shows that NCM LSTM QD+Q outperforms NCM LSTM QD in terms of perplexity and log-likelihood by a small but statistically significant margin p < 0.001. Unlike the RNN configuration  , which propagates the information from the vector state sr to the vector state sr+1 directly  , the LSTM configuration propagates it through the LSTM block  , which  , as said  , helps to mitigate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem.  Neural Responding Machine. Table 1summarizes the results. Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. To verify whether the RNN model itself can achieve good performance for evaluation   , we also trained an LSTM-only model that uses only recent user embedding. Therefore  , we use the LSTM configuration in the subsequent experiments. The vector lt is used to additively modify the memory contents. We use LSTM-RNN for both generation and retrieval baselines. A possible problem of the RNN configuration is the vanishing and exploding gradient problem described by Bengio et al. To explain user browsing behavior at lower positions  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D considers other factors to be more important. All t-SNE projections contain a large number of clusters of different density and size that group vector states by their similarities in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. We can notice that by adding a slow-rate LSTM weekly-based features to the MR-TDSSM  , it leads to great performance improvement over TDSSM with only one fast-rate LSTM component. The click probability cr is computed as in the RNN configuration Eq. In particular   , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D strongly relies on the current document rank to explain user browsing behavior on top positions. The data set used in our experiment comes from a commercial news portal which serves millions of daily users in a variety of countries and languages. LSTM outputs a representation ht for position t  , given by    , xT }  , where xt is the word embedding at position t in the sentence. The RNNs in the models are implemented using LSTM in Keras. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation q 2 of a query q provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions generated by the query q. character and word n-grams extracted from CNN can be encoded into a vector representation using LSTM that can embed the meaning of the whole tweet. Figure 5ashows how the vector states sr for different ranks r are positioned in the space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . The LSTM transition functions are defined as follows: These gates collectively decide the transitions of the current memory cell ct and the current hidden state ht. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions  , whose SERP contain the document d. However  , this global information does not tell us much about the relevance of the document d to the query q. The CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model draws on the intuition that the sequence of features e.g. In sequence-to-sequence generation tasks  , an LSTM defines a distribution over outputs and sequentially predicts tokens using a softmax function. The variant Bi-LSTM 4 is proposed to utilize both previous and future words by two separate RNNs  , propagating forward and backward  , and generating two independent hidden state vectors − → ht and ← − ht  , respectively. However  , NCM LSTM QD+Q+D still discriminates most other ranks we find this by limiting the set of query sessions  , which are used to compute the vector states sr  , to query sessions generated by queries of similar frequencies and having a particular set of clicks. where g = H conv is an extracted feature matrix where each row can be considered as a time-step for the LSTM and ht is the hidden representation at time-step t. LSTM operates on each row of the H conv along with the hidden vectors from previous time-step to produce embedding for the subsequent time-steps. The vector output at the final time-step  , encN   , is used to represent the entire tweet. The model consists of several components: a Deep Semantic Structured Model DSSM 11 to model user static interests; two LSTM-based temporal models to capture daily and weekly user temporal patterns; and an LSTM temporal model to capture global user interests. From the above results  , we conclude that the representation d 3 of a document d provides the means to transfer behavioral information between query sessions  , whose SERPs contain the document d. And this  , in turn  , helps to better explain user clicks on a SERP. When ranking a query-document pair q  , d  , NCM LSTM QD uses behavior information from historical query sessions generated by the query q and whose SERPs contain the document d. NCM LSTM QD+Q also uses behavioral information from all historical query sessions generated by the query q  , which helps  , e.g. The term multi-rate indicates the capability of our model which is able to capture user interests at different granularity  , so that temporal dynamics at different rates can be effectively and jointly optimized. NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also memorizes whether a user clicked on the first document. In the initial time-step  , the end-to-end output from the encoding procedure is used as the original input into first LSTM layer. On the basis of sentence representations using Bi-LSTM with CNN  , we can model the interactions between two sentences. The prediction of character at each time step is given by: The last LSTM decoder generates each character  , C  , sequentially and combines it with previously generated hidden vectors of size 128  , ht−1  , for the next time-step prediction. Figure 6 shows how the vector states s7 for different distances to the previous click are positioned in the vector state space learned by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . Figure 1 illustrates the complete encoderdecoder model. We apply pooling to aggregate information along the word sequence. From the above results  , we conclude that the introduction of the LSTM block helps to improve the learning abilities of the neural click models. Answers dataset 5 di↵erent splits are used to generate training data for both LSTM and ranking model  , Figure 2describes the steps I took to build training datasets. The encoding procedure can be summarized as: Since LSTM extracts representation from sequence input  , we will not apply pooling after convolution at the higher layers of Character-level CNN model. We trained the CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder model on 3 million randomly selected English-language tweets populated using data augmentation techniques  , which are useful for controlling generalization error for deep learning models . The bi-directional LSTM has 128 hidden units for each dimension ; CNN is 256 dimensional with a window size of 3. The extent to which the information in the old memory cell is discarded is controlled by ft  , while it controls the extent to which new information is stored in the current memory cell  , and ot is the output based on the memory cell ct. LSTM is explicitly designed for learning long-term dependencies   , and therefore we choose LSTM after the convolution layer to learn dependencies in the sequence of extracted features . The large clusters are easily interpretable e.g. Data augmentation  , in our context  , refers to replicating tweet and replacing some of the words in the replicated tweets with their synonyms. In addition  , a variant of the LSTMonly model which adds the user static input as the input in the beginning of the model is also evaluated. The rectangles labeled LSTM denote the long short-term memory block 20 that is used to alleviate the vanishing and exploding gradient problem 2. We explain this by the fact that other factors  , such as clicks on previous documents  , are also memorized by NCM LSTM QD+Q+D . In particular  , the information about a click on the previous document is particularly important. Smaller clusters are less easily interpretable  , but their existence indicates that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D also operates with concepts that are not hard-coded in PGM-based click models. To the best of our knowledge  , ours is the first attempt at learning and applying character-level tweet embeddings . Similar to PGM-based click models  , both RNN and LSTM configurations are trained by maximizing the likelihood of observed click events. The matrix Wsc denotes the projection matrix from the vector state sr+1 to the vector cr+1. RQ3 Does the representation q 2 of a query q as defined in §3.2.2 provide the means to transfer behavioral information from historical query sessions generated by the query q to new query sessions generated by the query q ? It does  , though  , inform us about the attractiveness of the document d  , which leads to improvements on the click prediction task see Experiment 4. From the above results  , we conclude that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept " current document rank " although we do not explicitly provide this concept in the document representation. The two state vectors are concatenated to represent the meaning of the t-th word in the sentence  , i.e. The neural click models can be used to simulate user behavior on a SERP and to infer document relevance from historical user interactions. RQ2 Does the LSTM configuration have better learning abilities than the RNN configuration ? In particular  , Figure 5cshows that for query sessions generated by queries of the same frequency and having the same click pattern  , the subspaces of the vector states consist of single dense clusters. A single directional LSTM typically propagates information from the first word to the last; hence the hidden state at a certain step is dependent on its previous words only and blind of future words . Finally  , by combining long-term and short-term user interests  , our proposed models TDSSM and MR-TDSSM successfully outperformed all the methods significantly. We find that the subspaces of s0 and s1 are well separated from the subspaces of sr computed at lower positions; the subspaces of s2 and s3 are also separated from the subspaces of sr computed for other ranks  , but have a significant overlap with each other. These results show that NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns the concept of distance to the previous click  , although this information is not explicitly provided in the document representation. In this paper  , we presented Tweet2Vec  , a novel method for generating general-purpose vector representation of tweets  , using a character-level CNN-LSTM encoder-decoder architecture . This is intuitive  , because the less information there is to explain user behavior each query occurred only once and no clicks were observed  , the more NCM LSTM QD+Q+D learns to rely on ranks. The dynamic programming is carried out from bottom to top. Dynamic programming The k-segmentation problem can be solved optimally by using dynamic programming  11. s k   , any subsegmentation si . Dynamic programming. stochastic dynamic programming  , and recommended actions are executed. The dynamic programming step takes approximately 0.06 seconds for set 1. 20 showed how to compute general Dynamic Programming problem distributively. The dynamic programming is performed off-line and the results are used by the realtime controllers. If the grid is coarse  , dynamic programming works reasonably quickly. ft and STight are computed by dynamic programming. The objective function for the dynamic programming implementation is defined as Finding the path is one of programming technique 4. Dynamic Programming Module: Given an input sequence of maximum beacon frame luminance values and settings of variables associated with constraints discussed later  , the Dynamic Programming Module outputs a backlight scaling schedule that minimizes the backlight levels. In this section  , we seek to derive accurate estimates of the value of this dynamic programming problem in the limit when an ad has already been shown a large number of times. The basic criteria for the applicability of dynamic programming to optimization problems is that the restriction of an optimal solution to a subsequence of the data has to be an optimal solution to that subsequence. We may justify why dynamic programming is the right choice for small-space computation by comparing dynamic programming to power iteration over the graph of Fig. Good object-oriented programGing relies on dynamic binding for structuring a program flow of control -00 programming has even been nicknamed " case-less programming " . The idea behind VDP is to use as much as possible the power of classical complete dynamic programming-based methods   , while avoiding their exponential memory and time requirements. In contrast  , our double dynamic programming technique Section 2 can be directly applied to arbitrary unrooted  , undirected trees. Note that the dynamic programming has been used in discretization before 14 . Though real-time dynamic programming converges to an optimal solution quickly  , several modifications are proposed to further speed-up the convergence. All the techniques transform the tree into a rooted binary tree or binary composition rules before applying dynamic programming. For the sensor selection problem we use dynamic programming in a similar fashion. Consequently  , one would expect dynamic programming to always produce better query plans for a given tree shape. The current implementation of the VDL Generator has been equipped with a search strategy adopting the dynamic programming with a bottom-up approach. However  , this problem is solvable in pseudopolynomial time with dynamic programming 6 . Consider an optimization problem with The operation of dynamic programming can be explained as follows. Its cost function minimizes the number of reversals. 21 used dynamic programming for hierarchical topic segmentation of websites. Dynamic programming is also a widely used method to approximately solve NP-hard problems 1.  , 33 propose an evolutionary timeline summarization strategy based on dynamic programming. 11  used dynamic programming to implement analytical operations on multi-structural databases. where || · || 2Figure 3 : Experience fitting as a dynamic programming problem . We consider two time series The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. This dynamic programming gives O|s| 2  running time solution. 1: Progression of real-time dynamic programming 11 sample states for the Grid World example. A sensory perception controller SPC using stochastic dynamic programming has been developed. Dynamic time warping is solved via dynamic programming 20. coordinated motion  , the equation in 3 would be used as the cost function for either optimal control or DTW. For dynamic programming  , we extended ideas presented by entries in the 2001 ICFP programming competition to a real-world markup language and dealt with all the pitfalls of this more complicated language. Most attempts to layer a static type system atop a dynamic language 3  , 19  , 34 support only a subset of the language  , excluding many dynamic features and compromising the programming model and/or the type-checking guarantee. However  , we found it difficult in many cases with dynamic leak detection to identify the programming errors associated with dynamic leak warnings. Second  , the system is extensible. Dynamic programming can be employed to solve LCS. The method is also an initial holonomic path method. One final extension is required. by using dynamic programming. A dynamic programming approach is used to calculate an optimal  , monotonic path through the similarity matrix. The idea of dynamic programming was proposed by Richard Bellman in the 1940s. is developed1. However  , dynamic programming has about two orders of magnitude larger consumption of computational resources Fig. We apply multidimensional Dynamic Programming DP matching to align multiple observations. This optimization problem can be solved by dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is a method for optimization which determines the optimal path through a grid. Figure 1 illustrates the idea of outer dynamic programming . There are multiple ways to form intervals. Rows represent experience levels  , columns represent ratings   , ordered by time. Currently  , we support two join implementations: We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. As mentioned earlier  , a combined Lagrangian relaxation and dynamic programming method is developed . Specifically  , we make the following contributions: 1.  The use of dynamic programming to re-arrange markup Section 8. The fitness matrix D will be used in the dynamic programming shown in Fig. A dynamic programming procedure controls the graph expansion. The most common of these include dynamic programming 2   , mixed integer programming 5  , simulation and heuristics based methods. The programming of robot control system if structured in this way  , may be made of different programming languages on each level. A major challenge is then to design a distributed programming model that provides a dynamic layout capability without compromising on explicit programmability of the layout thereby improving system scalability and yet retains as much as possible the local programming language model thereby improving programming scalability. Dynamic programming languages  , such as Lisp and Smalltalk  , support statement-and procedure-1eve:l runtime change. Experimental results will be presented in the Section 4 comparing these heuristics. Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is popular for music information retrieval because melodic contours can be represented as character strings  , thus melodic comparison and search can benefit from the more mature research area of string matching. SARSOP also uses a dynamic programming approach  , but it is significantly more efficient by using only a set of sampled points from B. The size of the dynamic programming table increases exponentially with the number of sequences  , making this problem NP-hard for an arbitrary number of sequences 18  , and impractical for more than a few. A conventional dynamic-programming optimizer iteratively finds optimal access plans for increasingly larger parts of a query. The flow of the computation is illustrated in Fig.1. In the dynamic programming DP in Fig.1 part  , we define a discrete state space  , transition probability of the robot  , and immediate evaluation for its action. Silvestri and Venturini 21  resort to a similar dynamic programming recurrence to optimize their encoder for posting lists. Thus the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period is F zE˜θE˜θ k+1 The probability the advertiser does not win the auction is 1 − F z  , in which case the value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period remains at V k x ˜ θ k   , k. As the dynamic programming technique is popular for approximate string matching  , it is only natural that it be broadly used in the area of melodic search. As is well known  , the dynamic programming strategy plays an central role in efficient data mining for sequential and/or transaction patterns  , such as in Apriori-All 1  , 2  and Pre- fixSpan 10. The core of the dynamic programming approach is that for each region  , we consider the optimal solutions of the child sub-problems  , and piece together these solutions to form a candidate solution for the original region. Unlike languages with static object schemas e.g. If the programming language into which the constructs are embedded has dynamic arrays  , the size of the program buffer can be redefined at Proceedings of the Tenth International The constructs can be generalized to dynamic and n-dimensional arrays. Given current object-based programming technology  , such systems can be rapidly developed and permit dynamic typechecking on objects. There are also successful examples of dynamic walking systems that do not use trajectory optimization. However  , the high di- IEEE International Conference -2695 on Robotlcs and Automation mension of the state space usually results in dynamic programs of prohibitive complexity. Since collection of dynamic information affects over all target program  , this functionality becomes a typical crosscutting concern  , which is modularized as an aspect in AOP 4. However  , the dynamic programming approach requires the samples to be sorted  , which in itself requires On logn operations. A relocatable dynamic object can be dynamically loaded into a client computer from a server computer. With these methods   , the right method according to the dynamic types of the parameters is executed.  Standard compiler optimization techniques  , in this case dead-code removal Section 9. The finegrained approach supports relocation for every programming language object. To choose the best plan  , we use a dynamic programming approach. At each site  , a singlesite cost-based optimizer generates optimized execution plans for the subqueries. We use simple heuristics to separate acronyms from non-acronym entity names. The optimizer uses dynamic programming to build query plans bottom-up. it is difficult to compute this instantaneously   , so instead  , we compute an approximate navigation function by using dynamic programming on an occupancy grid. Amini2  p pesented dynamic programming for finding minimun points. Dynamic programming can be employed to find the optimal solution for LCS efficiently. This application was built using the C programming language. Hence  , computationally efficient methods such as dynamic programming are required. In our method  , the dynamic programming search considers all these trajectories and selects the one with globally minimal constraint value. The method using Dynamic Programming DP matching is proposed to compare demonstrations and normalize them. Finally  , the segmentation was done using dynamic programming. Each block was given a final score based on its rank position and length. Similarly  , the dynamic programming step is On with a constant factor for maximum window size. We use iterative dynamic programming for optimization considering limitations on access patterns. We leverage the dynamic programming paradigm  , due to the following observa- tion: Next  , we investigate how to determine the optimal bucket boundaries efficiently. The soft-counting is done efficiently by dynamic programming . The application of the dynamic programming is also elucidated by /Parodi 84/. 11 produced an influential paper on finding unusual time series which they call deviants with a dynamic programming approach. This section presents a dynamic programming approach to find the best discretization function to maximize the parameterized goodness function. In the following  , we introduce our dynamic programming approach for discretization. We are currently investigating a dynamic programming technique that improves on this performance. There are length-1 and length-2 rules in practice. Object-oriented OO programming has many useful features   , such as information hiding  , encapsulation  , inheritance  , polymorphism  , and dynamic binding. The main idea of dynamic programming is captured in lines 10-15. Thus  , the following congregation property is extremely useful. We implemented this iterative dynamic programming technique for the motion of the wheel. To study the quality of plans produced by dynamic programming   , we built a stripped-down optimieer baaed on it. The only real difference is the way the cost of subplans are computed. Multiple sequence alignment based on DP matching is extensively studied in the field of biological computing 111. Another approach is to discretize the state space and use dynamic programming 9  , IO . In Section 3 we describe the general principle underlying Variational Dynamic Programming. The most frequent smallest interval  , which is also an integer fraction of other longer intervals  , is taken as the smallest note length. This can be easily done using dynamic programming. 22 presented an alignment method to identify one-to-one Chinese and English title pairs based on dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to determine the maximum probability mapping for each of the time series. For this task  , dynamic programming DP has become the standard model. This problem can be solved efficiently using the following dynamic programming formulation. We have applied Aspect-Oriented Programming AOP to collect dynamic information. However  , construction of OPTIMAL using dynamic programming for 100  , 000 intervals proved to be unacceptably slow on our computing platform. All were confirmed to be real duplicates. using a dynamic programming approach. under the constraint that IIa~11~ = 1. An alignment path of maximum similarity is determined from this matrix via dynamic programming. The flow chart of the neural dynamic programming was shown in 4shows a case when the robot achieves square corners. Model-based control schemes may employ a kinematic as well as dynamic model of the robotic mechanism. The cost function minimized by the dynamic programming procedure represents the number of maneuvers. After the values are computed  , every node computes an optimal policy for itself according to Equation 2. For all environments  , the initial holonomic path is computed using a dynamic programming planner. For efficiency consideration  , we use greedy search rather than dynamic programming to find valid subsets. For each query  , we pre-compute the second maximization in the equation for all positions of using dynamic programming. The Rover toolkit provides two major programming abstractions: relocatable dynamic objects RDOs  , and queued remote procedure call QRPC. Optimizers of this sort generate query plans in three phases. There are two key considerations in applying a quadratic programming approach. Note that an optimal ordering of pair-wise co-compressibilities does not necessarily result in an optimal compression across all columns. However  , directly applying it to the distance matrix did not generate the best segmentation results . However  , they require an a priori identification of singular arcs. 29 use smoothed contact models to achieve short-horizon motion planning through contact at online rates using differential dynamic programming.   , we must compute the best recovery action. Field 7 assumes no prespecified path but assumes quasi-static conditions of operation. Rather than applying the concept to dynamic programming  , this paper applies the concept to experimental design. For this purpose  , a minimax problem is solved using Dynamic Programming methods 5. Section 2 describes how we achieve manual but lead through programming by controlling the dynamic behavior of the robot. The demonstration data consists of various signals. In Section 4 we present the faster heuristic version of the planner PVDP. The minmatches+l time series with the highest associated probabilities are identified. The time warping distance is computed using dynamic programming 23. the optimal substructure in dynamic programming. Set of split points is also used by dynamic programming. However  , we can use dynamic programming to reduce the double exponential complexity. The Decomposition Theorem immediately gives rise to the Dynamic Programming approach 17 to compute personalized Page-Rank that performs iterations for k = 1  , 2  , . But  , it is not standard in statically typed languages such as Java. As described above  , paths are generated by simultaneously minimizing path length and maximizing information content  , using dynamic programming 15 . Further  , the enumeration must be performed in an order valid for dynamic programming. Then  , Section 3.2 gives specific recurrences for choosing partitioning functions. For nonoverlapping buckets  , the recurrence becomes: We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. For a two-dimensional binary hierarchy  , the dynamic programming recurrence is shown below. Hence  , the overall complexity of our dynamic programming approach is O Finally  , in lines 17-21  , the reconstruction of buckets takes d steps. We can then pursue variations of the dynamic programming techniques to achieve better performance in melodic search. The word segmentation is performed based on maximizing the segmented token probability via dynamic programming. It converges reasonably close to the optimal solution although it is very slow many minutes. We apply dynamic programming to find the segmentation  ˆ Specifically  , we denotêdenotê D =  where Diam ˆ Dij is the sum of all elements ofˆDijofˆ ofˆDij. We found that dynamic programming technique performs relatively well by itself. considered the problem of choosing the production rates of an N-machine Aowshop by formulating a stochastic dynamic programming problem. This report is organized as follows. Now if the new advertiser places a bid of z  , then the probability the advertiser wins the auction is F z  , in which case the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises next period is E˜θE˜θ k+1  The value of the dynamic programming problem that arises from placing the optimal bid z in the current period  , V k x ˜ θ k   , k  , is equal to the immediate reward from bidding z or the negative of the loss function that arises in the current period plus δ times the expected value of the dynamic programming problem that arises in the next period. For this particular example  , quadratic programming gets the optimal solution; this motivates the development of MDLH-Quad  , a quadratic programming heuristic. FarGo attempts to reconcile these seemingly conflicting goals. Sections 3 overviews the monitoring service along with an event-based scripting language for external programming of the layout. Attempting to use dynamic methods to remove all of the leaks in a program  , especially ones with reference counting and user-defined allocators was very time consuming. To maximize power savings under constraints  , this module runs only when the Scanning Module has forwarded pixel luminance histogram information from enough beacon frames to form a meaningful batch of frames. For this purpose  , the dynamic programming approach uses the following indicators regarding the starting and finishing times of operations of the two jobs. It can be observed that there is a good agreement between the stationary solution corresponding to z 1   , which is the global minimum  , and the solution obtained from the dynamic programming approach. The ideas presented here are complimentary to some early ideas on task level programming of dynamic tasks 2 ,1  , but focus instead on how collections of controllers can be used to simplify the task of programming the behavior of a generic mechanism. First  , unless programming tools can quickly support the constantly evolving requirements of dynamic web applications  , we will always be tempted to expose to developers the lower level client-side scripting and server-side generative code used in web pages. We conducted quantitative experiments on the performance of the various techniques  , both individually and in combination  , and compared the performance of our techniques to simple  , text-based compression. While modeling languages are basically notations for concurrent/extended finite-state machines  , programming languages are much more expressive and complex since they support procedures  , recursion  , dynamic data structures of various shapes and sizes  , pointers  , etc. The rule definition module is a modular tool which offers a language for rule programming and a rule programming interface for dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. In the enhanced form MDLe  , it provided a formal basis for robot programming using behaviors and at the same time permitted incorporatlon of kmematic and dynamic models of robots in the form of differential equations. For instance  , dynamic possibilities for creating and referencing objects are desirable in implementation languages  , but are excluded from Unity  , in order to keep the associated programming logic simple. We have developed a programming model that carefully balances between programming scalability and system scalability  , and which uses the inter-component reference as its main abstraction vehicle. Another notable difference is that HaskellDB is designed to work with functional programming languages whereas the SQL DOM is designed to be used from object oriented programming languages. Of all the above systems  , only Sumatra employs such support  , but using a drastically different programming model and API  , which tightly couples relocation into the application's logic. The aim is t o provide-at the task levelgeneric and efEcient programming methodologies for rigorous mission specification with a gateway to teleoperation for online user intervention. By using the Pascal-like programming language LAP :0 Logic f Actions for Programming  , we formal­ ize the controller specification. Finally   , applications may be developed by multiple teams  , possibly using multiple programming paradigms and programming languages. The rest of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 presents the programming model and its main entities: complets  , the relocatable application building blocks  , and complet references  , FarGo's main abstraction for dynamic layout programming. The external API enables relatively simple programming of new behaviors of the isolation engine. Dynamic reconfiguration would be a powerful addition  , although It would be another source for nondeterminism. This complexity arises from three main sources. Finally  , our parameters are randomly initialized between 0 and 1.0. 3. attribute vs. property: the meta-programming facility of scripting languages enables the addition of attributes to objects dynamically whereas their dynamic typing enables the attributes to have values of multiple types. Without strict enforcement of separation   , a template engine provides tasty icing on the same old stale cake. The method is optimal but its time complexity is exponential  , and thus not suitable for practical use. Another unique aspect of FarGo is how dynamic layout is integrated with the overall architecture of the application. A subsequent example will illustrate our approach. Given this automaton  , we can use dynamic programming to find the most likely state sequence which replicates the data. Dynamic programming has already been used to generate time optimal joint trajectories for nonredundant manipulators 11  , 3 or for known joint paths 10. The dynamic programming technique currently used for finding the minimum-cost trajectories demands a monotonic integration of the entropy. Instead of selecting two chromosomes at a time  , the supervised crossover operator will put the whole population under consideration. In 9  , separate GPs are used to model the value function and state-action space in dynamic programming problems. Edit distance captures the amount of overlap between the queries as sequences of symbols and have been previously used in information retrieval 4  , 14  , 28. Within the context of the sentence distance matrix  , text segmentation amounts to partition the matrix into K blocks of sub-matrix along the diagonal. In Section 3  , we describe the architecture of the welding robot we have customized and provide some details on important components. As an example of the use of stochastic dynamic programming for predicting and evaluating different actions see 2  , where planning of robot grinding tasks is studied. in the collision regions are found by selecting the configurations with locally minimum potential on MO. In this work we presented a more efficient way to compute general heuristics for E-Graphs  , especially for those which are not computed using dynamic programming. For the high-dimensional cases we developed a general method for NMP  , that we call the method of Progressive Constraints PC. Bang motions are produced by applying some control during a short time. Takeda  , Facchinetti and Latombe 1994 13 introduce sensory uncertainty fields SUF. It determines the most appropriate action at all states according to an evaluation function. They are chosen by the dynamic programming so as to minimize steps of the robot from the current position to the destination. 7  Their sevenlink biped was controlled using dynamic programming and followed desired trajectories as found by Winter2 and Inmanl. The curse of dimensionality referred to here has been widely addressed in the fraiiiework of dynamic programming in the literature 1131. There are exponentially many possible segmentations  , but dynamic programming makes the calculation tractable. It is important to note that the dynamic programming equation 2 is highly parallelizable. It does this by optimizing some figure-of-merit FOM which is computed for alternative routes. We discuss the necessary changes in the context of a bottom-up dynamic programming optimizer SAC 79. The topics of these documents range from libertarianism to livestock predators to programming in Fortran. Each of the methods use a dynamic programming approach. It is a dynamic programming problem functional minimization. For this to happen  , each candidate point correspondence is associated with a value point correspondence cost. However   , the existing approaches do not have a global goodness function to optimize  , and almost all of them have to require the knowledge of targeted number of intervals. Not all common evaluation functions possess this property. In particular  , we obtain the following result: For small values of σ k   , we can use a Taylor expansion to approximate the value of the above dynamic programming problem. Such extension programs are written separately from the application  , whose source remains unmodified. A standard dynamic programming induction can be employed to show that at Line 10  , the value of Aj *  is the maximum possible likelihood  , given the total order constraint. This value can easily be computed by dynamic programming  , much like the Gittins index. ViTABaL 7 is a hybrid visual programming environment that we had previously developed for designing and implementing TA-based systems. Scene was implemented in Oberon which is both an object-oriented programming language 1 3  and a runtime environment 18  , 25 providing garbage collection   , dynamic module loading  , run-time types  , and commands. Packaging: not relevant  , usually all routines are linked together in one executable program  , but overlays and dynamic linkage libraries are stored separately. Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to accept real-valued matching similarity. The alignments use dynamic programming and the Levenshtein edit distance as the cost. One problem is to avoid the kinematic and dynamic interferences between the two robots during operations . The design of an application simulation is done as follows. could appear anywhere in the retrieved list and  , using dynamic programming  , compute by enumeration the resulting EAP . Table 3lists the CPU time comparison of the exhaustive search method and our dynamic programming method. Recently  , the authors of 5 showed how the time-honored method of optimizing database queries  , namely dynamic programming 14  , could be cxtcndcd to include both pipelining and parallelism. The same results are also used to highlight the advantages of bushy execution trees over more restricted tree shapes. We have pursued and implemented our approach because it has several crucial advantages. Our optimizer explores both kinds of parallelism  , itrtza and inler-operation. Further  , by starting with 1 and incrementing by 1  , the enumeration order is valid for dynamic programming: for every subset  , all its subsets are generated before the subset itself. To reconstruct the entire bucket set  , we apply dynamic programming recursively to the children of the root. Figure 8  , may be thought of as using standard dynamic programming for edit-distance computation  , but savings are achieved by SPF works by finding any one place where I potentially occurs in Q   , if any. The required cost matrix is generated for symbolic as also for object-oriented representations of terrains. For real-time  on-line  control  , however  , the computational costs of this solution can be prohibitive. Other approaches like Gradient Vector Flow 10 and its variants 11 perform better when the initialization is not as good. This mechanism prevents changes in the state of occupancy of a cell by small probability cha ,nges. Lee  , Nam and Lyou  l l  and Mohri  , Yamamoto and Marushima  171 find an optimized coordination curve using dynamic programming. The freedom in choosing a heuristic is very large. To be of any practical value  , the extra incurred overhead cost by the SPC can not outweigh the actual sensing costs. The SPC is based on stochastic dynamic programming and a detailed description of the model is presented i n1 4. Application of the SPC was demonstrated for a planar robotic assembly task by 5. Remember  , the four components are LCA expansion  , computation of pairwise sentence similarity  , segment ranking and dynamic programming . This strategy consists in generating the various plans in a bottom-up manner  , as follows. In Section 4  , we present the problem of active learning in labeling sequences with different length and propose to solve it by dynamic programming. We make use of the firstorder independence assumption and get the output in a dynamic programming fashion. structure. We also experimented with allowing wildcards in the middle of tokens. Foote's experiments 5 demonstrated the feasibility of such tasks by matching power and spectrogram values over time using a dynamic programming method. In our first experiment we demonstrate the convergence of rounded dynamic programming measured by the maximum error as the number of iterations increases whilst keeping fixed at a modest 10 −4 in all iterations. Typically  , redirection methods are useful in the Java programming language as it does not support the late-binding on dynamic types of method parameters. The two additional matrices store the alignment scores associated with insertion gaps and deletion gaps respectively. Researchers have recognized the importance of software evolution for over three decades. Currently programming is done in terms of files. The text manipulation functions natively available in the language also allow for expressive transformations to be applied to the largely text-based message data. These interfaces do not support dynamic queries  , so they are not able to handle the full range of queries needed in complete applications. Another limitation is that for large datasets containing long trajectories  , even if they were completely available   , the dynamic programming solution may be too inefficient to be practical. Hence all known approaches to solving the problem optimally  , such as dynamic programming   , have a worst-case exponential running time. Constraints expressed in logical formulas are often very expensive to check. Reeulta were collected for the improved version of the BC heurietic M well. This relaxation adds additional overhead to our search space in dynamic programming from; otherwise nothing else changes. Evolutionary summarization approaches segment post streams into event chains and select tweets from various chains to generate a tweet summary; Nichols et al. However  , these prohibitive complexities make this solution unfeasible for inputs larger than few thousands of integers. In Section 4  , we discuss details of our experiments. It then builds a graph of all possible chords  , and selects the best path in this graph using dynamic programming. Experiments have been performed on a MIDI song database with a given ground truth for chords. This paper presents a multi-agent architecture for dynamic scheduling and control of manufacturing cells based on actor framawork . Programming such an autonomous robot is very hard. the minimal cost-to-go policy is known as using a greedy strategy. In the first generation  , the population generator will generate n crossover points  , i.e. The inspection all* cation problem for this configuration has been solved using dynamic programming in Garcia-Diu 3. Second  , the dynamic programming phase must examine all connected sub graphs of 1 to n nodes. Note that the time and memory complexity of this problem is proportional in the product N × M   , which becomes problematic for long pieces. The approximate matching on 9400 songs based on dynamic programming takes 21 seconds. The focus of these efforts has been the off-line computation of the timeoptimal control using the Pontryagin Maximum Principle   , dynamic programming and parameter o timizations . At this point we dispose of a sparse metric reconstruction . Moreover  , here occurs the question of the evaluation of optimality of the "solution". The exponents A 1 and X2 are weights  , and were chosen experimentally. The centers of corresponding MDs between two image planes should be searched for only within the same horizontal scanlines. A method for planning informative surveys in marine environments is detailed in 8. The resulting planner is less general in theory than the original VDP planner  , since it uses problem-specific heuristics to guide the search. In section 6  , we briefly discuss some theoretical and practical issues related to variational dynamic programming. Dynamic programming is used to find corresponding elements so that this distance is minimal. A dynamic programming based technique is presented to find the optimal subset of clusters. These variants can also be solved by dynamic programming. We simply evaluate all bipartitions made up of consecutive vertices on the ordering n ,d. As we only compute a bipartitioning  , we do not need to resort to dynamic programming as for k-way partitioning. Our dynamic programming approach for discretization referred to as Unification in the experimental results depends on two parameters  , α and β. Notice that unlike in the dynamic programming where we gradually increase the precision of d PPR By 6 we need to calculate SPPR k u efficiently in small space. Such dynamic generation and compilation results in large computation overhead and dependence on direct availability of a compiler. To manage affine gaps  , OASIS and S-W must expand three dynamic programming matrices. The multiattribute knapsack problem has been extensively studied in the literature e.g. Equation 1 gives the recurrence relation for extending the LCS length for each prefix pair Computed LCS lengths are stored in a matrix and are used later in finding the LCS length for longer prefixes – dynamic programming. Without the congregation property  , the best known technique for maximizing the breach probability is the dynamic-programming technique developed in 14. In modern dynamic programming optimizers Loh88  , HKWY97   , this corresponds to adding one rule to each of those phases. In this section  , we study symmetric settings  , and show that we can identify the optimal marketing strategy based on a simple dynamic programming approach. Modeling has nothing to do with instructing a computer  , it simply denotes the static and dynamic properties of the future program  , and it allows the engineers to reason about them. The Starburst optimizer also has a greedy join enumerator that can generate left-deep  , right-deep and bushy execution trees. Optimizers based on dynamic programming typically compute a single cost value for each subplan that is based on resource consumption. Through experiment& tion  , we found that 2 alternatives sufficed and that 3 or more alternatives offered virtually no improvement. Garlic's optimizer employs dynamic programming in order to find the best plan with reasonable effort S+79. Those nodes N  whose subtrees use a nearly optimal partitioning are stored in the dynamic programming table as field nearlyopt. Therefore  , in these experiments we tested the improved heuristic computation using euclidean distance. The idea of dynamic programming has been used in find the optimal path of a vehicle on a terrain by including the consideration of forhidden region and the slope. Along a slightly different line of research  , Lynch addresses the problem of planning pushing paths 13. Side constraints such as fuel limits or specific time-of-arrival may be placed on the FOM calculation. In many previous works on segmentation  , dynamic programming is a technique used to maximize the objective function. The Map class supports dynamic programming in the Volcano-Mapper  , for instance  because goals are only solved once and the solution physical plan stored. The warping path is defined as a sequence of matrix elements  , representing the optimal alignment for the two sequences. For our two-state model  , we are interested in the transitioning behavior of the machine. The details regarding the ARX programming environment are explained in the Appendix. Optimization approaches include branch-and-bound and dynamic programming methods e.g. In dynamic environments  , autonomous robot systems have to plan robot motions on-line  , depending on sensor information. It uses dynamic programming in order to bring the global and local route planning together. Typical cost functions are: traversibility  , fuel limits  , travel time  , weather conditions etc. We propose in the following paragraph some heuristic methods which allow us to find trajectories that permit to identify parameters in the case of a one arm planar robot. Based on this  , free space for driving can be computed using dynamic programming. If K  , N  , T assume realistic values  , though  , the exact solution of BP may become rather cumbersome or infeasible in practice. In the current state of knowledge   , the single-vehicle dial-a-ride problems can rarely be achieved to optimization when the number of tasks is more than 40. There are 105 stages for this problem  , and the dynamic programming computations took about 20 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. The procedure uses the individual energy consumption values for each grid side. 5that the set of objective vectors generated by the modified dynamic programming approach agree well with the Pareto optimal set and  , more importantly  , captures its non connectivity. Simulations showed correlation between simulated muscle activation and EMG patters found in gait. A* is efficient because it continues those trajectories that appear to have the smallest total cost. This implementation uses purely local comparisons for maximal efficiency  , and no global adjustments such as dynamic programming or graph cuts are used. Section 5 shows some experiment results and we made our conclusion in Section 6. We then use a dynamic programming heuristic to get an approximate solution to this problem. This way  , we find a cluster of a particular size that is composed solely from whiskers. The large majority of users cannot—and do not want to— be engaged in any kind of " programming " other than simple scripting. It sets the backlight level according to the schedule computed by the Dynamic Programming Module. Before rendering each frame with backlight scaling  , the rendering module also performs luminance compensation for every pixel of the frame. Finding an optimal solution to this problem can be accomplished by dynamic programming. Achieving such a re-arrangement of attributes was found to be possible  , using dynamic programming. This would make the thresholding method closer to traditional beam thresholding. For implementations on a larger scale one may use external memory sorting with the two vector dynamic programming variant. Not all applications provide this feature  , although Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. Item 3 in Definition 1 is meant to address dynamic dispatching in object-oriented programming. Object introspection allows one to construct applications that are more dynamic  , and provides avenues for integration of diverse applications. Formally  , software evolution is defined as " …the dynamic behavior of programming systems as they are maintained and enhanced over their life times " 3. However  , we improved upon this result in our XSEarch implementation by using dynamic programming. We say that nodes n and n are strongly-interconnected if they are interconnected and are also labeled differently . For regions where there are more two non-leaf nodes  , we resort back to dynamic programming . Optimal bucket boundary can be reported by additional bookkeeping  , Lines 8–15 are the dynamic programming part: We compute OP T j  , b according to the recurrence equation Equation 3. The spotting recognition method 7  based on continuous dynamic programming carries out both segmentation and recognition simultaneously using the position data. Gesture recognition in complex environments cannot be perfect. Since RAP is known to be NP-hard4  , we take a dynamic programming approach that yields near optimal solutions. Note that although the target trajectory is quite long  , the distance traveled by the observer is short. A different approach  , based on stochastic dynamic programming  , was proposed in 6  , 51. This interface offers direct access to the rule manipulation primitives for allowing dynamic creation or modification of rules within an application. This experiment studied the performance of the IDP optimizer that is based on dynamic programming. As we shall show experimentally in the Section 5  , DTW can significantly outperform Euclidean distance on real datasets. After applying the substitution of Mj ,i  , a summary is hence generated within this iteration and the timeline is created by choosing a path in matrix M |H|×|T | . PSub pp 0 denotes the probability that the recognizer substitutes a phoneme p with p 0 . Therefore  , there is no way to model actions that reduce uncertainty. In this section we will set the above optimal control problem in a standard framework such that dynamic programming can be used to approximate the solution. Dynamic programming efficiently solves for a K for each possible θ   , i.e. Such methods are for example : Differential Dynamic Programming technique I  , or multiple shooting technique 2. allows the planning of time-optimal trajectories using phase plane shooting methods or by dynamic programming . The number of segments and their end points can now be determined efficiently using dynamic programming. An early approach applied dynamic programming to do early recognition of human gestures 16 . We are currently studying methods by which we can improve the RS programming language. We assume that the robot can discriminate the set  the reward distribution  , we can solve the optimal policy   , using methods from dynamic programming 19. If the grid is fine enough to get useful  , the computation and storage required even for small problems quickly gets out of hand due to the " curse of dimensionality. " Therefore  , we modify the standard dynamic programming to handle real-valued matching similarity. Fortunately problem 3 is in a form suitable for induction with dynamic programming . These routes are then translated into plans represented symbolically as ' discussed in Section 6. In the context of dynamic programming  , a similar problem on machine replacement has been discussed by Bertsekas 15. The graph expands according to a dynamic programming procedure  , starting from nodes that correspond to the initial states  , and until a goal state is reached. For arbitrary rooted trees  , one can use an inner dynamic programming in a similar way as in Section 2. To avoid multiple assignments of single switch events to different FSMs  , the optimisation has to be repeated until all of them are sol- ved. Unfortunately  , as we show below  , such ideas are unlikely to help us efficiently find discords. Systems that support dynamic extension generally consist of a base application and an extension programming language in which extensions to the base can be written. These features are then used in 24 to implement a transformational framework that  , starting from a dedicated programming language  , produces XML data for model checking as well as executable artifacts for testing.  In order to deal with dynamic cases where trajectories are updated incrementally  , we derive another cost model that estimates an optimal length for segments when " incrementally " splitting a trajectory. Such explicit reflective programming  , in which the system manipulates a dynamic representation of its own user interface  , is difficult to capture in a static query. For histograms the interface would be the boundary bucket which contains the partition; for wavelets this would be the interaction with the sibling. In this paper we present a new and unique approach to dynamic sensing strategies. This march towards dynamic web content has improved the web's utility and the experience of web users  , but it has also led to more complexity in programming web applications. Notice that  , different from the standard edit distance  , the Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. Hence  , the proposed dynamic programming model can be transferred to different dynamic sensor selection problems without major changes. We therefore approach the problem using dynamic programming  , with the vectors a as the states of the dynamic program. An autonomous robot can be considered as a physical device which performs a task in a dynamic and unknown environment without any external help. In addition  , the hybrid approach may find sub-optimal solutions for dynamic vehicle routing problems of any size. Similar to the computation of the edit distance and the dynamic time warping  , the summed Fréchet distance can be expressed as a recurrence in a straight-forward manner which allows a dynamic programming solution that runs in OM N  time. In the previous section we have given exact expressions for the value of the dynamic programming problem and the optimal bidding strategy that should be followed under this dynamic programming problem. The situation today is that the modeling facilities of most programming and simulation systems are not capable of describing either the full dynamic behaviour of the total robot system nor the use of external sensor feed-back in the generation of control data. Many extension mechanisms require extensions The relationship among the EI components  , the to be written by programming the user interprogram components  , and the user interface is the face; such extensions consist of files containing key to the effective utilization of dynamic extension. Unfortunately  , it is difficult to provide even limited programming capabilities to developers without exposing them to the full complexity of these Turing-complete languages and their associated data models e.g. In conclusion there is a need for a programming and simulation system for robot driven workcells that illustrates the true real-time behaviour of the total robot system. As a component of a long term project minifactory'  5   which is focused on the development of modular robotic components and tools to support the rapid deployment and programming of high-precision assembly systems  , the work presented here targets the most  basic levels of a modular control and coordination architecture which is central to the larger project. Although the approach is not limited to a particular 00 language  , to illustrate results on real software developed with a widely used programming language  , this paper is focused on C++· All 00 features are considered: pointers to objects  , dynamic object allocation  , single and multiple inheritance  , recursive data structures  , recursive methods  , virtual functions  , dynamic binding and pointers to methods. This can be compared to a type-cast in strongly typed object-oriented programming languages where an object's dynamic type must be compatible to the static casted type which can only be determined at runtime. These functionalities are known as the basis for Ajax-style programming 12 and are widely available in popular browser implementations such as Mozilla Firefox  , Microsoft Internet Explorer  , Opera  , Apple Safari  , and Google Chrome. First we derive the total social value that arises in a particular period when a new ad makes a particular bid. For instance  , dynamic scripting languages such as Ruby and Python are candidates  , since their high-level nature is similar to PHP in using a lazy string implementation that is transparent to application programs. Our problem  , and corresponding dynamic programming table  , is thus two-dimensional. At the same time  , we needed a language supporting both static and dynamic typing  , to reduce the differences between the experimental treatments. In contrast  , dynamic techniques tend to be more practical in terms of applicability to arbitrary programs and often seem to provide useful information despite their inherent unsoundness. There is a number of environments supporting aspects explored by our spontaneous software approach  , like programming languages supporting code on demand and content delivery and software distribution systems allowing dynamic distribution and updating of digital resources. In practice  , instead of segmenting text into n parts directly   , usually hierarchical segmentation of text is utilized and at each level a text string is segmented into two parts. This was followed by factoring classes out  , with an average reduction by 33.4%  , and finally dead-markup removal with an average reduction by 12.2%. We developed techniques to improve the HTML aspects identified  , including the removal of whitespace and proprietary attributes  , dead-markup removal  , the use of header style classes and dynamic programming. 4. structural inheritance: by itself  , the lack of structural inheritance in RDFS does not form a problem for an object-oriented mapping. Among the advantages of these languages is the dynamic typing of objects  , which maps well onto the RDFS class membership  , meta-programming  , which allows us to implement the multi-inheritance of RDFS  , and a relaxation of strict object conformance to class definitions. ActiveRDF is light-weight and implemented in around 600 lines of code. However  , it is also interesting to observe the behavior of our dynamic programming based method for low and high range of penalties. Caching has long been studied and recognized as an effective way to improve performance in a variety of environments and at all levels of abstraction  , including operating system kernels  , file systems  , memory subsystems  , databases  , interpreted programming languages  , and server daemons. Thus  , our hybrid auctions are flexible enough to allow the auctioneer and the advertiser to implement complex dynamic programming strategies collaboratively  , under a wide range of scenarios. Neither per-impression nor perclick bidding can exhaustively mimic the bidding index in these natural scenarios. Like FarGo  , the above systems do support mobility  , but in a model that tightly couples movement operations to the application's logic. In essence  , a Server page contains a combination of HTML and programming language scripts  , and the web server uses it to generate web pages at runtime. Thus  , we " discretize " the error in steps of K for some suitable choice of K  , and apply the dynamic programming above for integral error metrics with appropriate rounding to the next multiple of R; the details are omitted. Second  , we develop a new dynamic programming based approach for finding all occurrences of a subsequence within a single sequence and by extension within a database of sequences. First  , our sequences are much more compact than their extended signatures because of firstFollowing and firstAncestor nodes. In summary  , we leverage a dynamic programming based approach instead of a traditional index-based approach for finding the set of all subsequence matches. Volcano uses a non-interleaved strategy with a transformation-based enumerator. In this respect  , our optimizing technique is similar to the very well-known' dynamic programming approach of SAC+791 which orders joins starting from the entire scan-operations-as we do. First  , single collection access plans are generated  , followed by a phase in which 2-way join plans are considered  , followed by 3-way joins  , etc. We can then rewrite the dynamic programming formulations in terms of these lists of nodes. A dynamic programming approach which is similar to the classical system R optimizer 10 can be used to construct the query plan from small strongly connected sub-graphs. In this paper we have proposed to use the traditional architecture for query optimization wherein a large execution space is searched using dynamic programming strategy for the least cost execution based on a cost model. As rather conventional data structures are provided to program these functions no " trick programming " is required and as dynamic storage allocation and de-allocation is done via dedicated allocation routines /KKLW87/  , this risk seems to be tolerable. We believe ours is the first solution based on traditional dynamic-programming techniques. First  , the language constructs presented in section 2 map a portal into a buffer which is a static l-dimensional array. We employ the dynamic programming approach to check for patterns of equally spaced strong and weak beats among the detected onsets and compute both inter-beat length and the smallest note length. Lin and Kumar 9 and Walrand 15 consider an W 2 system with heterogeneous machines  , using dynamic programming or probabilistic arguments to prove that the optimal policy is of the threshold type. We have illustrated that the same global minimum to the variational problem 3-5 can be retrieved using a dynamic programming approach. As an example  , we use the RP assembler in combination with the C programming language to fully utilize RP's vector capabilities in writing inverse kinematic and inverse dynamic computations. There are many ways to find optimal trajectories  , including using Pontryagin's Minimum PrinciplelS  , gradient descent9  , dynamic programming  , and direct search. Figure 6shows the path that has been used as the initial guess and the final path computed using our planner for one sample environment Env-1 in Table II. A new approach for a mobile robot to explore and navigate in an indoor environment that combines local control via cost associated to cells in the travel space with a global exploration strategy using a dynamic programming technique has been described. If we are given a world model defined by the transition probabilities and the reward function Rs ,a we can compute an optimal deterministic stationary policy using techniques from dynamic programming e.g. Inter-robot communication allows to exchange various information  , positions  , current status  , future actions   , etc 3  , 16  , 151 and to devise effective cooperation schemes. In principle  , a dynamic programming approach can be taken to determine optimal strategies for the partially-predictable case; however  , even for a simple planar problem the state space is fourdimensional . Because the feature functions are only relied on local dependencies  , it enables the efficient search of top-K corrections via Dynamic Programming . The distance computation can be performed via dynamic programming in time O|x||y|. It was noted that few imputation methods outperformed the mean mode imputation MMI  , which is widely used. With this in mind  , in this study we tested some imputation methods. However  , the imputation performance of HI is unstable when the missing ratio increases. Rating imputation has been used previously in 3  , 11  , 16 to evaluate recommender system performance. AVID uses an approach which is based on estimating the uncertainties in imputation by using several bootstrap samples to build different imputation models and determining the variance ofthe imputed values. However  , imputation can be very expensive as it significantly increases the amount of ratings  , and inaccurate imputation may distort the data consider- ably 17. For the case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , LRSRI can obtain better imputation results than other imputation methods  , which indicates the effectiveness of the low-rank recovery technique with our designed data structurization strategy. Then  , we separately perform experiments to evaluate the imputation effects of our approach and the applicability of our imputation approach for different effort estimators. Rating imputation is prediction of ratings for items where we have implicit rating observations. Obviously  , this does require the imputation to be as accurate as possible. In addition  , we find that the performance differences of different imputation methods are slight on small datasets  , like Albrecht and Kemerer. As can be seen from these two tables  , our LRSRI approach outperforms other imputation methods  , especially for the case that both drive factors and effort labels are incomplete. These techniques are listwise deletion LD  , mean or mode single imputation MMSI and eight different types of hot deck single imputation HDSI. This also shows the importance of assigning a suitable imputation method in handling the dimension incomplete data.    , where the circled elements are added by the imputation strategy . Many data sets are incomplete. Hence  , how to develop an effective imputation approach according to the characteristics of effort data is an important research topic. Likewise   , the number of movies a person has rated is a very good method on the implicit rating prediction GROC plot. In this section  , we evaluate the proposed LRSRI approach for solving the effort data missing problem empirically. The first says that the imputation methods that fill in missing values outperform the case deletion and the lack of imputation. The problem here is determining how good the imputation model is for a candidate point  , when the true global values for this point are not known. Points for which the imputed global data has higher variances are points for which the global data can be guessed with less certainty from the local data. The problem of frequent model retraining and scalability results from the fact that the total number of users and items is usually very large in practical systems  , and new ratings are usually made by users continuously. The low-rank recovery with structurized data makes full use of the information of similar samples and the correlation of all the samples. Accurate effort prediction is a challenge in software engineering. Now we will give some detailed discussions on the imputation strategy ϕ and the distance function δ. There appears to be no significant difference among the single imputation techniques at the 1% level of significance. Approaches to the imputation of missing values has been extensively researched from a statistical perspective 7 ,11 ,12. First we can remark that the imputation accuracies are generally higher than with complete training data 11 . 41 developed the cyclic weighted median CWM method to solve Formula 1  , which achieves the state-of-the-art image data imputation performance. We implement rating imputation testing by taking held out observations from the MovieLens data and predicting ratings on this set. The methods proposed in this paper use data imputation as a component. Consider a dimension incomplete data object X obs . Their results further show that better performance would be obtained from applying imputation techniques.   , n |Q|−|X obs | } indicating on which dimensions the data elements are lost; 2. imputing the assigned dimensions according to the imputation strategy ϕ. . Kitchenham 9/0/0 8/1/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Maxwell 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 Nasa93 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 9/0/0 In addition  , the results in Tables 8 and 9 are also consistent with results in Tables 2 and 4  , that is  , our imputation approach outperforms other imputation methods on specific estimators. The randomized ensemble of EMMI and FC which we shall now call FCMI achieves the highest accuracy rates compared to individual MDTs. For instance  , we can recommend first to users that on average rate movies higher in order to obtain better-than-random rating imputation GROC performance . imputation  inappropriate. The problem of imputation is thus: complete the database as well as possible. As noise is canceled   , the KM-imputed data has slightly lower complexity than the unseen original. The performance of the stacked model does not come without cost  , however. In this paper  , we introduce CWM into SEE for solving the drive factors missing problem. The NDCG results from the user dependent rating imputation method are shown in Table 2. Rating imputation measures success at filling in the missing values. However  , these solutions almost always undermine model performance as compared to that of a model induced from complete information . That is  , all statistics that one computes from the completed database should be as close as possible to those of the original data. We presented three KRIMP–based methods for imputation of incomplete datasets. All follow the MDL–principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completed database. Without loss of generality  , in this paper  , we assume all imputed random variables are mutually independent and follow normal distribution. Taking missing value imputation as an example: missing values can be represented in the raw data in several ways  , then identified as such and coded as NAs. Secondly  , constructed data quality features were added to the original data and thirdly  , feature selection was applied to the second version to control the effect of adding features 2. imputation of missing values with class mean  , centering and scaling. Various solutions are available for learning models from incomplete data  , such as imputation methods 4. The imputation strategy depends on specific application scenarios and is independent of our method. The NDCG plots for the user independent rating imputation method are shown in Figure 4. Re-designing the aspect model training and test procedure for rating imputation and rating prediction will be a subject of future work. Let's say we are deciding between the heuristic recommender and the aspect model for implicit rating prediction. Apart from their base statistics  , we provide the baseline imputation accuracy on MCAR data as achieved by choosing the most frequent of the possible values. We use the closed frequent pattern set as candidates for KRIMP. From it  , we first notice that KM attains higher imputation accuracies than SEM for three out of the five datasets. Recent works alleviate this problem by introducing pseudo users that rate items 21  and imputing estimated rating data using some imputation tech- nique 39. Semisupervised learning is a popular machine learning manner  , which makes use of unlabeled training samples with a part of labeled samples for building the prediction model 4950. A surprising outcome of the empirical evaluation is the performance of so-called heuristic recommenders on the GROC curves. However   , through   , δ–correctness we can see that no magic is going on  , as for all datasets these scores actually did decrease ; the incomplete training data hinders both methods in grasping the true data distribution. Therefore  , the imputation method used in our experiment fits better for S&P500 data set. To overcome the problem of data sparsity  , earlier systems rely on imputation to fill in missing ratings and to make the rating matrix dense 28. c RBBDF matrix Figure 1: An example of RBBDF structure sparsity  , frequent model retraining and system scalability. Consequently   , when faced incomplete databases  , current mediators only provide the certain answers thereby sacrificing recall. Alternatively  , missing values can be imputed with several methods starting from simple imputation of the mean value of the feature for each missing value to complex modeling of missing values. To achieve such high quality imputation we use the practical variant of Kolmogorov complexity  , MDL minimum description length  , as our guiding principle: the completed database that can be compressed best is the best completion. For the specific case that only the drive factors are incomplete  , we structurize the effort data and employ the low-rank recovery technique for imputation. Number of missing values by row can be counted and constructed as a new feature. Transforming missing values can be done by imputing by mean of the variable and this imputation may be erroneous due to the outliers in the same variable. Thus data problems can intuitively be understood as objects having three distinct member functions: identification  , transformation and feature construction. The literature on missing data 1 ,12 ,18 provides several methods for data imputation that can be used for this purpose. Stacked models use the base model to impute the class labels on related instances   , which are then used by the second-level stacked model. This suggests an opportunity to explore alternative methods of imputation to achieve different feature weightings and reduce learning bias within a stacked framework. In practice  , the collected effort dataset may contain missing data at any locations  , including the missing of drive factors independent variables or effort labels dependent variables  , as shown in Figure 1. Their results further showed the importance of choosing an appropriate k value when using such a technique. Among imputation techniques  , the results are not so clear. In this context  , it is important to have schema level dependencies between attributes as well as distribution information over missing values. In real-world applications we may have data sets where implicit rating observations are available in large quantities   , but the rating component is missing at random. A similar situation is visible in the rating imputation GROC and CROC plots. As such  , it may be regarded as a crude form of k nearestneighbour imputation 12 which also requires a distance function on the data  , unlike our methods. From Q  , there are totally C |X obs | |Q| incomplete versions with dimensionality |X obs | that can be derived by removing values on some dimensions  , denoted by Q obs . Experiments in this section is to evaluate the effectiveness of our method on various data sets  , and with various Figure 3  , 4  , 5 and 6 show the quality of query result measured by precision and recall. The driving thought behind this approach is that a completion should comply to the local patterns in the database: not just filling in what globally would lead to the highest accuracy . However  , through iterative imputation   , KM is able to approximate the KRIMP complexity of the original data within a single percent. Note that some proposed features cannot be extracted from certain large-scale datasets  , e.g. To leverage this opportunity and address sparseness  , we employ imputation hereafter  , pc-IMP  as we can directly compute similarity between papers and citation papers  , unlike the case of the user-item matrix based CF which requires manual ratings. This is a variant of pc-SIM and consists of three steps: A2.1: Impute similarities between all papers  , recording them into an intermediate imputed paper-citation matrix Figure 3. Obviously  , there are C |X mis | |Q| possible dimension combinations for the missing data elements  , each of which could derive a recovery version X rv . Similarity search A scoring function like a sequence kernel 9 is designed to measure similarity between formulae for similarity search. Both key similarity search steps are covered by the generic similarity search model Section 3. Similarity search 15 allows users to search for pictures similar to pictures chosen as queries. While the similarity is higher than a given threshold  , Candidate Page Getter gathers next N search results form search engine APIs and hands them to Similarity Analyzer. We then propose four basic types of formula search queries: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. The system can be accessed from: http: //eil.cs.txstate.edu/ServiceXplorer. To motivate similarity search for web services  , consider the following typical scenario. The distinction between search and target concept is especially important for asymmetric similarity. At last  , all gathered pages are reranked with their similarity. After receiving N search results from high ranking  , Similarity Analyzer calculates the similarity  , defined in 2.4  , between the seed-text and search result Web pages. Alternatively  , search results from a generic search engine can also be used  , where similarity between retrieved pages can be measured instead. ServiceXplorer also offers an advanced similarity search that enables users to locate services by selecting different index structures  , specifying QoS parameters and comparing the search performance with that of VSM. Generally  , a chemical similarity search is to search molecules with similar structures as the query molecule. Interactive-time similarity search is particularly useful when the search consists of several steps. Many applications with similarity search often involve a large amount of data  , which demands effective and efficient solutions. distances to cosine similarity  , and further convert cosine similarity to L2 distance with saved 2-norms. Similarity name search Similarity name searches return names that are similar to the query. We propose four types of queries for chemical formula search: exact search  , frequency search  , substructure search  , and similarity search. structural similarity and keyword search use IR techniques. In this paper  , we discuss a new method for conceptual similarity search for text using word-chaining which admits more efficient document-to-document similarity search than the standard inverted index  , while preserving better quality of results. For similarity search under cosine similarity  , this works well  , for only similarity close to 1 is interesting. But performance is a problem if dimensionality is high. The Composite search mode supports queries where multiple elements can be combined. The combined search aggregates text and visual similarity. Unfortunately  , there is no available ground truth in the form of either exact document-document similarity values or correct similarity search results. In this paper  , we focus on similarity search with edit distance thresholds. Ideally  , a similarity search system should be able to achieve high-quality search with high speed  , while using a small amount of space. Oyama and Tanaka 11 proposed a topic-structure-based search technique for Web similarity searching. The LSH Forest can be applied for constructing mainmemory   , disk-based  , parallel and peer-to-peer indexes for similarity search. MILOS indexes this tag with a special index to offer efficient similarity search. Among them hash-based methods were received more attention due to its ability of solving similarity search in high dimensional space. Similarity search has been a topic of much research in recent years. Previous methods fall into two major categories based on different criteria to measure similarity. Concept similarity relies on a general ontology and a domain map built on the sub-collection. For Web pages  , the problem is less serious because pages are usually longer than search queries. Retrieved ranked results of similarity and substring name search before and after segmentation-based index pruning are highly correlated. 10 also constructed a similarity graph  , where nodes are the images e.g. The browser never applies content-similarity search on a relevant document more than once. Otherwise  , pattern search would be a generalized form of the similarity search approach  , which makes it hard to compare them. The method using HTS only requires 35% of the time for similarity name search compared with the method using all substrings. This section describes the assumptions  , and discusses their relevance to practical similarity-search problems. In other words  , the similarity between bid phrases may help when pursuing a precision oriented ad search. There is no formal definition for operation similarity  , because  , just like in other types of search  , similarity depends on the specific goal in the user's mind. Also  , our method is based on search behavior similarity and not only on content similarity. Users begin a search for web services by entering keywords relevant to the search goal. Another useful search option is offered by video OCR. NN-search is a common way to implement similarity search. Previous results may serve as a source of inspiration for new similarity search queries for refining search intentions. We can rank the search results based on these similarity scores. The real problem lies in defining similarity. Our approach is feature-based similarity search  , where substring features are used to measure the similarity. Usually only frequency formula search is supported by current chemistry information systems. All similarity matrices we applied were derived from our color similarity search system. Alternatives to this included using past clicked urls and their time to calculate similarity with the current search documents and using past clicked urls and time to calculate the similarity between clicked documents and search documents  , then predict the time for search documents. They were successfully used for color histogram similarity Fal+ 941 Haf+ 951 SK97  , 3-D shape similarity KSS 971 KS 981  , pixel-based similarity AKS 981  , and several other similarity models Sei 971. From there  , users can refine their queries by choosing a picture in the result to submit a new similarity search or to submit a complex search query  , which combines similarity and fielded search. The first two perform the similarity selection and correspond to the two traditional types of similarity search: the Range query Rq and the k-Nearest Neigbor query k-NNq 3. As a result  , we derive a similarity search function that supports Type-2 and 3 pattern similarities. Some simple context search methods use the similarity measure to compute similarity between a document and context bag-of-words or word vector. The MILOS native XML database/repository supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8   , and feature similarity search 5. An ǫ-NN graph is different from a K-NNG in that undirected edges are established between all pairs of points with a similarity above ǫ. all pairs similarity search or similarity join 2  , 22  , 21. It is also possible that some relevant documents may be retrieved by document-document similarity only and not via query-document similarity. For estimating L2 distance  , however   , we actually want low error across the whole range. For similarity search and substructure search  , to evaluate the search results ranked by the scoring function  , enough domain knowledge is required. Similarity search in 3D point sets has been studied extensively . 28 suggested a search-snippet-based similarity measure for short texts. The similarity between two strings can be measured by different metrics such as edit distance  , Jaccard similarity  , and cosine similarity. Finally  , we describe relevance scoring functions corresponding to the types of queries. As mentioned before  , substructure search and similarity search are common and important for structure search  , but not for formula search  , because formulae do not contain enough tructural information. We have presented a self-tuning index for similarity search called LSH Forest. In addition  , speech recognition errors hurt the performance of voice search significantly. The all-pairs similarity search problem has also been addressed in the database community  , where it is known as the similarity join problem 1  , 7  , 21. The similarity between the target document d corresponding to query q and the search results Sj   , j = 1.m  , is computed as the cosine similarity of their corresponding vectorial representations. Moreover  , ranking documents with respect to a pattern query that contains multiple similarity constraints is a complex problem that should be addressed after the more basic problem of capturing the similarity of two math expressions discussed in this paper is addressed. In the simple similarity search interface  , a user can type a single keyword or multiple keywords  , and our system will return the relevant services to the user. The search of a meaningful representation of the time series   , and the search of an appropriate similarity measure for comparing time series. There are two major challenges for using similarity search in large scale data: storing the large data and retrieving desired data efficiently. It allowed them to search using criteria that are hard to express in words. " The query language of SphereSearch combines concept-aware keyword-based search with specific additions for abstraction-aware similarity search and context-aware ranking. An important conceptional distinction in time series similarity search is between global and partial search. While in global search whole time series are compared  , partial search identifies similar subsequences. Section 3 formally defines the similarity search problem for web services. A third of the participants commented favorably on the search by similarity feature. They showed in experiments that their approach attained significant over 90% accuracy in segmenting and matching search tasks. The benefit of taking into account the search result count is twofold. This gives us two similarity values for each search result. Because frequent k-n-match search is the final technique we use to performance similarity search  , we focus on frequent k-n-match search instead of k-n-match search. Similarity measures that are based on search result similarity 8 are not necessarily correlated with reformulation likelihood. This possibility can be particularly useful to retrieve poorly described pictures. Clicking on a picture launches the visual similarity search. However   , our solution  , D-Search can handle categorical distributions as well as numerical ones. It has some similarity with traditional text search  , but it also has some features that are different from normal text search. The problem of similarity search refers to finding objects that have similar characteristics to the query object. We will compare our technique to standard similarity search on the inverted index in terms of quality  , storage  , and search efficiency. The SpotSigs matcher can easily be generalized toward more generic similarity search in metric spaces  , whenever there is an effective means of bounding the similarity of two documents by a single property such as document or signature length. Similarity search in the time-series database encounters a serious problem in high dimensional space  , known as the " curse of dimensionality " . To achieve high search accuracy  , the LSH method needs to use multiple hash tables to produce a good candidate set. The search and retrieval interface Figure 2 allows users to find videos by combining full text  , image similarity  , and exact/partial match search. However  , due to the well recognized semantic gap problem 1  , the accuracy and the recall of image similarity search are often still low. So in conclusion  , structural similarity search seems to be the best way for general users to search for mathematical expressions  , but we hypothesize that pattern search may be the preferred approach for experienced users in specific domains. Similarity-based search of Web services has been a challenging issue over the years. study 16 shows that such similarity is not sufficient for a successful code example search. by similarity to a single selected document. directly applied traditional hashing methods for similarity search  , and significant speedup e.g. When F reqmin is larger  , the correlation curves decrease especially for substring search. For the text search  , we make a use of the functionalities of the full-text search engine library. Figure 2gives an example of image similarity search. Section 2 reviews previous works on similarity search. These two are traditional hashing methods for similarity search. Chain search is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the common indices. The techniques discussed in this paper can be used for dramatically improving the search quality as well as search efficiency. This might be particular interesting for documents of very central actors. Chein and Immorlica 2005 showed semantic similarity between search queries with no lexical overlap e.g. Observed from the search results  , this method ranks the images mainly according to the color similarity  , which mistakenly interprets the search intention. Although jaccard similarity is not a metric of search performance  , it can help us analyze the novelty of search results. As will be discussed later on  , the effectiveness of similarity hashing results from the fact that the recall is controlled in terms of the similarity threshold θ for a given similarity measure ϕ. Search quality is measured by recall. ExactMatch or NormalizedExactMatch are essentially pattern search with poorly formed queries. Most search systems used in recent years have been relational database systems. -Term distance method Dist This method uses the following similarity measure in place of the cosine similarity in Cosine. Many applications require that the similarity function reflects mutual dependencies of components in feature vectors  , e.g. Such queries are very frequent in a multitude of applications including a multimedia similarity search on images  , audio  , etc. We developed a family of referencebased indexing techniques. esmimax: This system is to use semantic similarity score to rank search engines for each query. One may note that the above type of similarity measure for search request formulations may be applied to any description of both query and document. Various visual features including color histograms  , text  , camera movement  , face detection  , and moving objects can be utilized to define the similarity. the one that is to be classified with respect to a similarity or dissimilarity measure. whose similarity to the seed page fell below the lexical similarity threshold used. The earliest attempts of detecting structural similarity go back to computing tree-editing distances 29  , 30  , 32  , 34  , 36. Given a search topic  , a perfect document-to-document similarity method for find-similar makes the topic's relevant documents most similar to each other. The similarity is measured by by mutual information between an entry candidate ei and all concepts C for query q: We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Often  , edit distance is used to measure the similarity. The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. We present two methods for estimating term similarity. The underlying similarity measure of interest with minhash is the resemblance also known as the Jaccard similarity. The techniques proposed in this work fall into two categories. CH3COOH. We study the performance of different data fusion techniques for combining search results. Consider  , for instance  , a solution with similarity around 0.8. Each attempt involves a similarity computation; thus the number of attempts rather than steps determines the cost of search. For instance it can be used to search by similarity MPEG-7 visual descriptors. tion  , a spatial-temporal-dependent query similarity model can be constructed. If there are two search results we compute their similarity score and discard the articles if the score is below a threshold  Whenever the page-similarity score is below a threshold y the article is discarded Rule F1. Their proposed model  , namely RoleSim  , has the advantage of utilizing " automorphic equivalence " to improve the quality of similarity search in " role " based applications. In this experiment  , we want to find how different ARIMA temporal similarity is from content similarity. We use Live Search to retrieve top-10 results. Another straightforward application of the socially induced similarity is to enrich Web navigation for knowledge exploration. Near duplicate detection is made possible through similarity search with a very high similarity threshold. T F ·IDF based methods for ranking relevant documents have been proved to be effective for keyword proximity search in text documents. Using such data presentation i.e. Based on search  , target  , and context concept similarity queries may look like the following ones: The selection of a context concept does not only determine which concepts are compared   , it also affects the measured similarity see section 3.4. In the classical non-personalized search engines  , the relevance between a query and a document is assumed to be only decided by the similarity of term matching. Query-biased similarity aims to find similar documents given the context of the user's search and avoid extraneous topics. Evaluating melodic similarity systems has been a MIREX task for several years  , including for incipit similarity specifically . In search engine and community question answering web sites we can always find candidate questions or answers. For each query  , the resources search engines with higher similarity score would be returned. Traditional similarity search methods are difficult to be used directly for large scale data since computing the similarity using the original features i.e. Usually only exact name search and substring name search are supported by current chemistry databases 2. To implement this idea we built a 3 2 x 4 ' -weighted term vector for both the text segment and the text of the article and compute the normalized cosine similarity score. There are many possible ways to represent a document for the purpose of supporting effective similarity search. Topic similarity between query pairs from same session can reflect user search interests in a relative short time. Many studies on similarity search over time-series databases have been conducted in the past decade. For each query reformulation pair  , we calculated the change of search performance measured by nDCG@10 and the similarity of results measured by the Jaccard similarity for the pair of queries' top 10 results. It should be noted that these disadvantages would not be associated with similarity measures which require only the knowledge of the form of search request formulations. Second  , it is interesting to note that  , at least in theory  , for a document set D and a similarity threshold θ a perfect space partitioning for hash-based search can be stated. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work that incorporates tight lower bounding and upper bounding distance function and DWT as well as triangle inequality into index for similarity search in time series database. This is also the first piece of work which treats the performance and quality issues of textual similarity search in one unified framework. In this paper  , we discussed a new method for conceptual indexing and similarity search of text. Prior research utilized the integration of IPC code similarity between a query patent and retrieved patents to re-rank the results in the prior art search literature 4 ,5. The main contribution of this paper is a novel Self-Taught Hashing STH approach to semantic hashing for fast similarity search. The ranking is an important part of the Summa search module  , and similarity grouping is handled by the two modules described in this paper. Stein and Meyer zu Eissen introduce the idea of near-similarity search to find plagiarized documents in a large document corpus 9. For a low-dimensional feature space  , similarity search can be carried out efficiently with pre-built space-partitioning index structures such as KD-tree or data-partitioning index structures such as R-tree 7 .  New results of a comparative study between different hashbased search methods are presented Section 4. With the explosive growth of the internet  , a huge amount of data such as texts  , images and video clips have been generated  , which indicates that efficient similarity search with large scale data becomes more important. Semantic hashing 22 is proposed to address the similarity search problem within a high-dimensional feature space. A common approach to similarity search is to extract so-called features from the objects  , e.g. For instance  , in case of an MPEG-7 visual descriptor  , the system administrator can associate an approximate match search index to a specific XML element so that it can be efficiently searched by similarity. With similarity search  , a user can be able to retrieve  , for instance  , pictures of the tour Eiffel by using another picture of the tour Eiffel as a query  , even if the retrieved pictures were not correctly annotated by their owner. Similarity indexing has uses in many web applications such as search engines or in providing close matches for user queries. After having determined how terms are selected and weighted  , we can take into account the domain knowledge contained in the similarity thesaurus to find the most likely intended interpretation for the user's query. When data objects are represented by d-dimensional feature vectors   , the goal of similarity search for a given query object q  , is to find the K objects that are closest to q according to a distance function in the d-dimensional space. The chain search of related content is done by computing similarity between the selected result and all other content based on the integrated indices. The k-n-match problem models the similarity search as matching between the query object and the data objects in n dimensions  , where these n dimensions are determined dynamically to make the query object and the data objects in the answer set match best. Time series similarity search under the Euclidean metric is heavily I/O bound  , however similarity search under DTW is also very demanding in terms of CPU time. One way to address this problem is to use a fast lower bounding function to help prune sequences that could not possibly be a best match. Queries are posted to a reference search engine and the similarity between two queries is measured using the number of common URLs in the top 50 results list returned from the reference search engine. Semantic hashing 33  is used in the case when the requirement for the exactness of the final results is not high  , and the similarity search in the original high dimensional space is not affordable . Fortunately  , hashing has been widely shown as a promising approach to tackle fast similarity search 29. Although the superiority of DTW over Euclidean distance is becoming increasing apparent 191835  , the need for similarity search which is invariant to uniform scaling is not well understood. Since the pioneering work of Agrawal 1 and Faloutsos 2  , there emerged many fruit of research in similarity search of time series. This text similarity approach is also used in userspecified search queries: A user's query is treated just as another document vector  , allowing matching artifacts to be sorted by relevance based on their degree of similarity to the search query. Specifically  , the <VisualDescriptor> tags  , in the figure  , contain scalable color  , color layout  , color structure  , edge histogram  , homogeneous texture information to be used for image similarity search. Extensive works on similarity search have been proposed to find good data-aware hash functions using machine learning techniques. As a second step  , we propose an efficient search procedure on the resulting PLA index to answer similarity queries without introducing any false dismissals. To answer our first research question we evaluate the performance of the baseline bl and subjunctive sj interface on a complex exploratory search task in terms of user interaction statistics and in terms of search patterns. The following function is used: Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Last for RL4 they use the past queries and the clicked url titles to reform the current query  , search it in indri  , then calculate the similarity between current query and documents. To make this plausible we have formulated hash-based similarity search as a set covering problem. The technique also results in much lower storage requirements because it uses a compressed representation of each document. This work provides an integrated view of qualitatively effective similarity search and performance efficient indexing in text; an issue which has not been addressed before in this domain. Extending our previous work 25  , we propose three basic types of queries for chemical name search: exact name search  , substring name search  , and similarity name search. In this paper we present the architecture of XMLSe a native XML search engine that allows both structure search and approximate content match to be combined with In the first case structure search capabilities are needed  , while in the second case we need approximate content search sometime also referred as similarity search. Do other elements affect the evaluation of a search engine's performance ? First  , we discuss how to analyze the structure of a chemical formula and select features for indexing  , which is important for substructure search and similarity search. However  , there are two reasons that traditional fuzzy search based on edit distance is not used for formula similarity search: 1 Formulae with more similar structures or substructures may have larger edit distance. User search interests can be captured for improving ranking or personalization of search systems 30  , 34  , 36 . Structure search applications offer different query types: beside an exact structure search also sub-/super-structure and similarity searches are possible.  A simple yet expressive query language combines concept-aware keyword-based search with abstraction-aware similarity search and contextaware ranking. The system is capable of contextual search capability which performs eeective document-to-document similarity search. Variants of such measures have also been considered for similarity search and classification 14. In addition to simple keyword searches  , Woogle supports similarity search for web services. For the example question  , a search was done using a typical similarity measure and the bag of content words of the question. In this respect  , blog feed search bears some similarity to resource ranking in federated search. Therefore  , the result of this search paradigm is a list of documents with expressions that match the query. Random pictures can be renewed on demand by the user. In the chemical domain similarity search is centered on chemical entities. It provides complementary search queries that are often hard to verbalize. Understanding feature-concept associations for measuring similarity. For instance  , if we know that the search concept is clouds  , we can weight the blue channel and texture negation predicates more heavily to achieve better search results. Motivated by this  , we propose heuristics for fuzzy formula search based on partial formulae. Since we now have a vector representation of the search result and vector representations of the " positive " and " negative " profiles  , we can calculate the similarity between the search results and the profiles using the cosine similarity measure. Equations 1-5 represent a few simple formulas that are used in this study. The language allows grouping of query conditions that refer to the same entity. We can observe that for similarity search  , when more results are retrieved  , the correlation curves decrease  , while for substring search  , the correlation curves increase. We also introduced several query models for chemical formula search  , which are different from keywords searches in IR. Our search engine has access to copies of 3DWare- house and the PSB and can find models by geometric similarity  , original tags  , or autotags. The Reranking is performed by using a similarity measure between a query vector and a web page in the search results. Broad match candidates for a query were generated by calculating cosine similarity between the query vector and all ad vectors. In order to comprehend the behavior of hill climbing under different combinations of search strategies  , we first study the search space for configuration similarity. For each given query  , we use this SEIFscore to rank search engines. The following pairwise features can also be considered  , although they are not used in our experiments. According to the traditional content based similarity measurement  , " Job Search " and " Human Rescues " are not similar at all. As introduced in Section 2  , many current researches use interest profiles to personalize search results 22  , 19  , 6. Sahami & Heilman 2006 30  also measure the relatedness between text snippets by using search engines and a similarity kernel function. Buse and Wiemer 10 discuss that the answers of existing code search engines are usually complicated even after slicing. In this way  , the problem of similarity search is transformed to an interval search problem. the MediaMagic interface  , described below within our laboratory. As a stream of individual entries  , a blog feed can be viewed at multiple levels of granularity. A pairwise feature between two queries could be the similarity of their search results. 36 developed heuristics to promote search results with the same topical category if successive queries in a search session were related by general similarity  , and were not specializations  , generalizations or reformulations. Unfortunately  , the standard Drupal search could not be used for implementing this scenario. Thus  , we demonstrate that our scheme outperforms the standard similarity methods on text on all three measures: quality  , storage  , and search efficiency . For example  , average topic similarity between query pairs from different sessions can help tracing the user search interests during a relative long period. This search task simulates the information re-finding search intent. People  , and fraudulent software  , might click on ads for reasons that have nothing to do with topical similarity or relevance. We also introduce our notation  , and describe some basic and well-known observations concerning similarit ,y search problems in HDVSs. Based on these inputs  , the inverted files are searched for words that have features that correspond to the features of the search key and each word gets a feature score based on its similarity to the search key. All reviewers had the same experience. For example  , queries whose dissimilarity is 0 incur some search cost since similarity searches entail some cost even in the Euclidean distance space. The problem of similarity search aka nearest neighbour search is: given a query document 1   , find its most similar documents from a very large document collection corpus. But in search engine such as Google  , the search results are not questions. By converting real-valued data features into binary hashing codes  , hashing search can be very fast. While similarity ranking is in fact an information retrieval approach to the problem  , pattern search resembles a database look-up. For testing the search labels  , the clusters in the hierarchy were ranked based on the similarity between the search representative and the topic description using the cosine metric. In case of fielded search users can search for pictures by expressing restrictions on the owner of the pictures  , the location where they were taken  , their title  , and on the textual description of the pictures. The range n0  , n1 of frequent k-n-match search is chosen according to the results on real data sets as described in Section 5.2.1. An interesting application of relational similarity in information retrieval is to search using implicitly stated analogies 21  , 37.  Extensive experiments have been done to evaluate the proposed similarity model using a large collection of click-through data collected from a commercial search engine. The task is essentially the same: given a potentially large collection of objects  , identify all pairs whose similarity is above a threshold according to some similarity metric. The cosine similarity metric based on the vector space model has been widely used for comparing similarity between search query and document in the information retrieval literature Salton et al. Depending on what is to be optimised in terms of similarity  , these may serve as cost functions or utility functions  , respectively. High dimensional data may contain diierent aspects of similarity.  Based on a manipulation of the original similarity matrix it is shown how optimum methods for hash-based similarity search can be derived in closed retrieval situations Subsection 3.3. SOC-PMI Islam and Inkpen 2006 improved semantic similarity by taking into account co-occurrence in the context of words. In the next section we introduce a novel graph-based measure of semantic similarity. The main idea here is to hash the Web documents such that the documents that are similar  , according to our similarity measure  , are mapped to the same bucket with a probability equal to the similarity between them. Their model interpolates the same-task similarity of a rewrite candidate to the reference query with the average similarity of that candidate to all on-task queries from a user's history  , weighted by each query's similarity to the reference query. The Cosine metric measures the similarity by computing the cosine of the angle between the two vectors representing the search trails. Therefore  , it is not possible to use one fixed similarity measure for one specific task. We present the similarity structure between the search engines in Figure 7. Imagine for example a search engine which enables contentbased image retrieval on the World-Wide Web. We exploit this similarity in our techniques. The evaluation shows that we can provide both high precision and recall for similarity search  , and that our techniques substantially improve on naive keyword search. The features include text similarity   , folder information  , attachments and sender behavior. We hence disambiguate Wiki entries by measuring the similarity between the entires and the topics mentioned in the search queries. Based on these index pages we analyzed how similarity between chemical entities is computed 4 . However  , Google's work mainly aims to help developers locate relevant code according to the text similarity. We will show that the scheme achieves good qualitative performance at a low indexing cost. We discuss the potential applications of this result to the design of semantic similarity estimates from lexical and link similarity  , and to the optimization of ranking functions in search engines. A parameter controls the degree of trade-off. However  , the edit distance for similarity measurement is not used for two reasons: 1 Computing edit distances of the query and all the names in the data set is computationally expensive  , so a method based on indexed features of substrings is much faster and feasible in practice . A similarity measure between a page and a query that reflects the distance between query terms has been proposed in the meta-search research field 12. Let us start by introducing two representative similarity measures σc and σ based on textual content and hyperlinks  , respectively. The other three operators implement the similarity joins: Range Join  , k-Nearest Neigbors Join and k-Closest Neigbors Join 2. The document matching module is a typical term-based search engine. Efficient implementations for commonly used similarity metrics are readily available  , so that the computational effort for search and retrieval of similar products has little impact on the efficiency of this approach. We present experimental results demonstrating that using the proposed method  , we can achieve better similarly results among temporal queries as compared to similarity obtained by using other temporal similarity measures efficiently and effectively. Minhash was originally designed for estimating set resemblance i.e. The K-NN search problem is closely related to K-NNG construction. For instance  , a search engine needs to crawl and index billions of web-pages. Web services search is mainly based on the UDDI registry that is a public broker allowing providers to publish services. The first approach is using data-partitioning index trees. Since BLAST-like servers know nothing about textual annotations  , one cannot search for similarity AND annotation efficiently. Our new approach borrows the idea of iDistance and the corresponding B + -tree indexes. Assume that we are part-way through a search; the current nearest neighbour has similarity b. if personalized information is available to the search system  , then ranking query suggestions by ngram similarity to the users past queries is more effective NR ranker. 3 proposed an approach to classify sounds for similarity search based on acoustical features consisting of loudness  , pitch  , brightness  , bandwidth  , and harmonicity. A wide used method is similarity search in time series. Search another instance with high similarity and same class from 'UnGroup' data  , repeat 6; 9. query-term overlap and search result similarity. It is computationally infeasible to generate the similarity graph S for the billions of images that are indexed by commercial search engines. Since the page content information is used  , the page similarity based smoothing is better than constant based smoothing. Figure 7: The concurrence similarity between two tags is estimated based on their concurrence information by performing search on Flickr. Bing search engine. Both tools employ heuristics to speed up their search. In the context of multimedia and digital libraries  , an important type of query is similarity matching. It partitions the data space into n clusters and selects a reference point Ki for each cluster Ci. Finally  , we give the recognition result based on the searching results. Incipit searching  , a symbolic music similarity problem  , has been a topic of interest for decades 3.  We motivate the need for similarity search under uniform scaling  , and differentiate it from Dynamic Time Warping DTW. Section 3 gives our new lower bound distance function for PLA with a proof of its correctness. Finding a measure of similarity between queries can be very useful to improve the services provided by search engines . It has been observed that there is a similarity between search queries and anchor texts 13. For example  , assume in Figure 21.2 that the primary bucket B6 contains a near neighbour with similarity 0.7. A larger mAP indicates better performance that similar instances have high rank. Our method was more successful with longer queries containing more diverse search terms. semantic sets measured according to structural and textual similarity. Therefore  , a method for similarity search also has to provide efficient support for searching in high-dimensional data spaces. An additional feature was added to the blended display and provided as an additional screen  , i.e. Foundational work such as 8  presents n-gram methods for supporting search over degraded texts. However  , work is ongoing to implement time series segmentation to support local similarity search as well. Intent is identified in search result snippets  , and click-through data  , over a number of latent topic models. Extensive research on similarity search have been proposed in recent years. Section 3 defines the basic problem  , and Section 4 presents an overview of the basic LSH scheme for similarity search. The key in image search by image is the similarity measurement between two images. Two similarity functions are defined to weight the relationships in MKN. Then the vertical search intention of queries can be identified by similarities. We found this approach useful for spotting working code examples. Finally  , we discuss the derived similarity search model based on these two adopted ideas. Thus they push relevant DRs from the result list. In Section 2 we i n troduce the notation and give formal deenitions of the similarity search problems. Specifically  , the tf idf is calculated on the TREC 2014 FebWeb corpus. 19 apply several local search techniques for the retrieval of sub-optimal solutions. Thus  , in this section  , we discuss the actor similarity module and the implementation of the SNDocRank module. We order each items descending on their cos positive score. This method is well suited for real time tracking applications. There has been extensive research on fast similarity search due to its central importance in many applications. O j could be used for determining the similarity between Boolean search request formulations  , its inherent deficiencies have stimulated further investigation. Figure 1depicts the architecture of our semantic search approach. It may therefore seem more appropriate and direct to use document-document similarity for iterative search. Popular email applications like Google Inbox 4  and Thun- derbird 6 display search results by relevance. We suggest training ranking models which are search behavior specific and user independent. We use a weighted sum aggregation function with three different settings of the respective weights. In previous work we have shown how to use structural information to create enriched index pages 3 . Haar wavelet transform has been used in many domains  , for example  , time series similarity search 11. We find temporal similar queries using ARIMA TS with various similarity measures on query logs from the MSN search engine. 10 propose a joint optimization method to optimize the codes for both preserving similarity as well as minimizing search time. We design a new -dimensional hash structure for this purpose. Similarity search in metric spaces has received considerable attention in the database research community 6  , 14  , 20. Their approach relies on a freezing technique  , i.e. In these studies  , the problem of matching ads with pages is transformed into a similarity search in a vector space. in the context of identifying nearduplicate web pages 4. Another approach for similarity search can be summarized as a subgraph isomorphism problem. Instead of feeding another time series as query  , the user provides the query in an intuitive way. Therefore  , it is recommended to provide similarity search techniques that use generalized distance functions. Broad match candidates are found by calculating cosine similarity between the context query vector the content ad vectors. All Pairs Similarity Search APSS 6  , which identifies similar objects among a given dataset  , has many important applications. Hence  , because such approaches are inherently different  , it is important to consider measures that fairly compare them. Similarity measures for Boolean search request formulations 335 Radecki  , 1977Radecki  ,   , 1978a. mAP has shown especially good discriminative power and stability to evaluate the performance of similarity search. Figure 6: Similarity between locally popular documents at 2 sites all the search sites taken together. enquirer  , time-period to support retrieval. The user can search for the k most similar files based on an arbitrary specification. We used term vectors constructed from the ASR text for allowing similarity search based on textual content. In the sequel  , we discuss indexing the reduced PLA data to speed up the retrieval efficiency of the similarity search. In 10 the authors use the Fast Fourier Transform to solve the problem of pattern similarity search. However  , all these methods target traditional graph search. New strategies have to be developed to predict the user's intention. There are roughly three categories of approaches: volume-based approaches  , feature-based approaches  , and interactive approaches. As mentioned above  , the semantic web and ontology based search system introduced in this study developed the next generation in search services  , such as flexible name search  , intelligence sentence search  , concept search  , and similarity search  , by applying the query to a Point Of Interest search system in wireless mobile communication systems. Retrieved results of similarity search with and without feature selection are highly correlated. Bubble sort is a classical programming problem. Research work on time sequences has mainly dealt with similarity search which concerns shapes of time sequences. We identify the following important similarity search queries they may want to pose: Suppose they explored the operation Get- Temperature in W 1 . Our research seeks to explore such techniques. Caching is performed at regular intervals to reflect the dynamic nature of the database. Similarity search can be done very efficiently with VizTree. However  , an overlooked fact is that preference ranking in recommendation is not equivalent to similarity search in traditional hashing. This paper presents the neighbourhood preserving quantization NPQ method for approximate similarity search. The first phase divides the dataset into a set of partitions. As for ranking the retrieved documents  , TFIDF and cosine similarity were used. their cosine similarity is almost zero. 3 noted that a visual similarity re-search using a sample picked keyframe is a good design for retrieval. The framework for partition-based similarity search PSS consists of two steps. Thus  , our results allow to meet the difficult requirement of interactive-time similarity search. Until meeting a new instance with different class label; 10. An analogous approach has been used in the past to evaluate similarity search  , but relying on only the hierarchical ODP structure as a proxy for semantic similarity 7  , 16. In case of similarity search  , the user can search by choosing a picture among those randomly proposed by the system. We conducted the experiments on the click-through data from a real-world commercial search engine in which promising results show that term similarity does evolve from time to time and our semantic similarity model is effective in modelling the similarity information between queries. Finally  , we observed an interesting finding that the evolution of query similarity from time to time may reflect the evolution patterns and events happening in different time periods. We empirically showed that these two search paradigms outperform other search techniques  , including the ones that perform exact matching of normalized expressions or subexpressions and the one that performs keyword search. Note the complexity of our search function is similar to existing code search engines on the Internet e.g. In this paper we focussed on the usability of answers and how well a search system can find relevant documents for a given query. From the home page users can search for pictures by using a fielded search or similarity search. However  , users require sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules for substring search  , so similarity search27  , 29  , 23  , 21 is desired by users to bypass the substructure selection. The MI- LOS XML database supports high performance search and retrieval on heavily structured XML documents  , relying on specific index structures 3 ,14  , as well as full text search 13  , automatic classification 8  , and feature similarity search 15 ,5 .  Recognition of session boundary using temporal closeness and probabilistic similarity between queries. The integrated search is achieved by generating integrated indices for Web and TV content based on vector space model and by computing similarity between the query and all the content described by the indices. We then compute QRS as the maximum of these similarities: d  , Si Because retrieving the entire documents in the top search results to compare them with the target document is prohibitively expensive for a real-time search engine unless the vector forms of the retrieved documents are available  , we approximate the lexical content of interest of the retrieved documents with the snippet of the document as generated by the search engine for the target query. In this way  , the two major challenges for large scale similarity search can be addressed as: data examples are encoded and highly compressed within a low-dimensional binary space  , which can usually be loaded in main memory and stored efficiently. Traditional text similarity search methods in the original keyword vector space are difficult to be used for large datasets  , since these methods utilize the content vectors of the documents in a highdimensional space and are associated with high cost of float/integer computation. To perform a similarity search  , the indexing method hashes a query object into a bucket  , uses the data objects in the bucket as the candidate set of the results  , and then ranks the candidate objects using the distance measure of the similarity search. Since the full graphic structure information of a molecule is unavailable  , we use partial formulae as substructures for indexing and search. Therefore the ad search engine performs similarity search in the vector space with a long query and relatively short ad vectors. This is a key-word search engine which searches documents based on the dominant topics present in them by relating the keywords to the diierent topics. He provided evidence for the existence of search communities by showing that a group of co-workers had a higher query similarity threshold than general Web users. Although our technique is designed with a focus on document-todocument similarity queries  , the techniques are also applicable to the short queries of search engines. The limitation of these methods is that they either depend on some external resources e.g. To this end  , we are interested in hashing users and items into binary codes for efficient recommendation since the useritem similarity search can be efficiently conducted in Hamming space. Such segmentation and indexing allow end-users to perform fuzzy searches for chemical names  , including substring search and similarity search. Fig.1illustrates the unified entity search framework based on the proposed integral multi-level graph. stem search  , -phrase search and full word search on node texts  , equality and phonetic similarity on author names. Similar to IR systems like ECLAIR Harper & Walker 921 or FIRE Sonnenberger 8z Frei 951  , BIRS is based on an object-oriented design figure 2 shows the class diagram in UML Fowler & Scott 971 notation; however  , only BIRS implements physical data independence3. Much of the work on search personalization focuses on longerterm models of user interests. Specifically  , datasets involved in our experiments consist of text and images  , and we use text as query to search similar images and image as query to search similar texts. The humanjudged labels indicated that users of search engines are more willing to click on suggestions that could potentially lead to more diversified search results  , but still within the same user search intent. From that page it is possible to perform a full-text search  , a similarity search starting from one of the random selected images. Given a user attempting a search task  , the goal of our method is to learn from the on-task search behavior of other users. We also show that for the same query of similarity name search or substring name search  , the search result using segmentation-based index pruning has a strong correlation with the result before index pruning. This paper attempts to extract the semantic similarity information between queries by exploring the historical click-through data collected from the search engine. Yet we still compare LSSH to CHMIS to verify the ability of LSSH to promote search performance by merging knowledge from heterogeneous data sources. Taking an approach that does not require such conditions  , Lawrence & Giles performed a local search on a collection formed by downloading all documents retrieved by the source search engines 2. Apache Lucene is a high-performance  , full-featured text search engine library written entirely in Java that is suitable for nearly any application requiring full-text search abilities. The expectation is that the search engine will retrieve all courses matching the query and will display them ranked based on their similarity to the input. Our goal is to design a good indexing method for similarity search of large-scale datasets that can achieve high search quality with high time and space efficiency. In both systems  , color-based and texturebased image similarity search were available by dragging and dropping a thumbnail to use as the key for an image-based search. In particular  , we use a technique for approximate similarity search when data are represented in generic metric spaces. The fact that full search achieves higher nDCG scores than pre-search confirms the successful re-ordering that takes place in full search based on pairwise entity-based similarity computation. We have decided to adopt a known solution proposed for search engines in order to have more realistic results in the experiments. Finally  , the simplest identification submodule is the newsgropu thread matcher  , which looks for " References " headers in newsgroup articles and reconstructs conversation threads of a newsgroup posting and subsequent replies. When the user returns to the current list  , the user applies content-similarity search to the next document in the queue until the queue is empty. However  , sufficient knowledge to select substructures to characterize the desired molecules is required  , so the similarity search is desired to bypass the substructure selection. Textual similarity between code snippets and the query is the dominant measure used by existing Internet-scale code search engines. Unfortunately  , these search types are not directly portable to textual searches  , because e.g. The video library interface used for the study was an enhanced version of the one used with TRECVID 2003 that achieved the bestranked interactive search performance at that time. In this paper  , we propose a novel hashing method  , referred to as Latent Semantic Sparse Hashing  , for large-scale crossmodal similarity search between images and texts. We also showed that it takes more effort from the user to form queries when doing pattern search as compared to similarity search  , but when relevant matches are found they are ranked somewhat higher. Such hash-based methods for fast similarity search can be considered as a means for embedding high-dimensional feature vectors to a low-dimensional Hamming space the set of all 2 l binary strings of length l  , while retaining as much as possible the semantic similarity structure of data. Moreover  , these similarity values depend on the information retrieval system to which the queries are directed; for the same pair of search request formulations  , the similarity coefficient values will vary significantly  , according to the variations in the document set subject matter of the systems considered. In their work  , a trade-off between novelty a measure of diversity  and the relevance of search results is made explicit through the use of two similarity functions  , one measuring the similarity among documents  , and the other the similarity between document and query. As shown in Table 2  , on average  , we did not find significant change of nDCG@10 on users' reformulated queries  , although the sets of results retrieved did change a lot  , with relatively low Jaccard similarity with the results of the previous queries. The transformed domain ¯ D and the similarity s can be used to perform approximate similarity search in place of the domain D and the distance function d. Figure 1c shows the similarity  , computed in the transformed space  , of the data objects from the query object. Full-text search engines typically use Cosine Similarity to measure the matching degree of the query vector ¯ q with document vectors ¯ The basic idea underlying our approach is to associate a textual representation to each metric object of the database so that the inverted index produced by Lucene looks like the one presented above and that its built-in similarity function behaves like the Spearman Similarity rank correlation used to compare ordered lists. The variance of each document's relevance score is set to be a constant in this experiment as we wish to demonstrate the effect of document dependence on search results  , and it is more difficult to model score variance than covariance. To define the similarity measure  , we took the number of matches  , the length of the URL   , the value of the match between the URL head and the URL tail into account  , as shown in the last lines of Table 9. In order to evaluate this reranking scheme  , we ranked the URL address result list according to request their similarity. Finally  , a user similarity matrix is constructed capturing similarity between each pair of users over a variety of dimensions user interests  , collection usage  , queries  , favorite object descriptions that are integrated into a unified similarity score. This means the within ads similarity of users  , which are represented by their short term search behaviors  , can be around 90 times larger than the corresponding between ads similarity. In 15  , similarity between two queries was computed from both the keywords similarity and the common search result landing pages selected by users. This phenomenon suggests that we should give higher priority to the similarity information collected in smaller distances and rely on long-distance similarities only if necessary . The main drawback of these hashing approaches is that they cannot be directly used in applications where we are not given a similarity metric but rather class/relevance labels that indicate which data points are similar or dissimilar to each other. We implemented both the basic LSH scheme and the LSH Forest schemes both SYNCHASCEND and ASYNCHASCEND and studied their performance for similarity search in the text domain. All these techniques rely on similarity functions which only use information from the input string and the target entity it is supposed to match. Intuitively  , we consider operations to be similar if they take similar inputs  , produce similar outputs  , and the relationships between the inputs and outputs are similar. If two documents do not contain query terms their query-dependant similarity will be 0 regardless of how close they may be with regards to the cosine similarity. The format of the results includes method name  , path  , line of code where implementation for this method starts  , and the similarity with a query 11. Future enhancements will also comprise special treatment of terms appearing in the meta-tags of the mp3 files and the search for phrases in lyrics. Given a search results D  , a visual similarity graph G is first constructed. Structural similarity: The similarity of two expressions is defined as a function of their structures and the symbols they share. We analyzed in this connection also specifically compiled corpora whose similarity distribution is significantly skewed towards high similarities: Figure 4contrasts the similarity distribution in the original Reuters Corpus hatched light and in the special corpora solid dark. In our baseline system  , we currently support descriptor-based global similarity search in time series  , based on the notion of geometric similarity of respective curves. In this paper  , we present a scalable approach for related-document search using entity-based document similarity. Thereby the resource that has the highest overall similarity for a specific search query is presented most conspicuous whereas resources with minor similarities are visualized less notable Figure 1. The measures were integrated in a similarity-based classification procedure that builds models of the search-space based on prototypical individuals. Figure 5illustrates the different similarities sorted for each measure and shows that 41% of the time we can extract a significantly similar replacement page R replacement  to the original resource R missing  by at least 70% similarity. Using this method  , users can perform similarity search over the graph structure  , shared characteristics  , and distinct characteristics of each recipe. Since the goal is to offer only high quality suggestions  , we only need to find pairs of queries whose similarity score is above a threshold. These formulae are used to perform similarity searches. This table also tells us that the search queries will be more effective than clicked pages for user representation in BT. To detect coalition attacks  , the commissioner has to search for publishers' sites with highly similar traffic. Similarity search in metric spaces focuses on supporting queries  , whose purpose is to retrieve objects which are similar to a query point  , when a metric distance function dist measures the objects dissimilarity. In the context of chemical structure search a lot of work has been done in developing similarity measures for chemical entities resulting in a huge amount of available measures. The similarity merge formula multiplies the sum of fusion component scores for a document by the number of fusion components that retrieved the document i.e. Secondly  , since the queries and the documents are comparable in size  , the similarity measure often used in these search tasks is that of the edit distance inverse similarity  , i.e. Finally  , Yahoo built a visual similarity-based interactive search system  , which led to more refined product recommendations 8. 19 Table 1shows the 20 items exhibiting the highest similarity with the query article " Gall " article number 9562 based on the global vector similarity between query and retrieved article texts. Figure 3billustrates the similarity achieved as a function of the number of attempts for the above query set 9 variables and dataset density 0.5 combination. Initially  , the cosine similarity of an initial recommendation to the positive profile determined the ranking. The above sample distribution illustrates the number of documents from the sample of un-retrieved documents that had a similarity to the merged feature vector of the top 2000 retrieved results. The first rule invokes a search for a possible open reading frame ORF  , that is  , a possible start and stop location for translation in a contig and for a similarity that is contained within. The technique we use for full similarity search is the frequent k-n-match query and we will evaluate its effectiveness statistically in Section 5.1.2.  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and the query  Number of occurrences of the query in the target profile's description*  Cosine similarity between the target profile's description and DuckDuckGo description* Besides the relationship between the description and query  , we further searched for the organization's description from DuckDuckGo 5   , a search engine that provides the results from sources such as Wikipedia. As already pointed out  , our model for document similarity is based on a combination of geographic and temporal information to identify events. We evaluated the results of our individual similarity measures and found some special characteristics of the measures when applied to our specific data. The search is usually based on a similarity comparison rather than on exact match  , and the retrieved results are ranked according to a similarity index  , e.g. We note that in the alignment component the search space is not restricted to the mapped concepts only -similarity values are calculated for all pairs of concepts. The retrieved sets of images are then ranked in descending order according to their similarity with the image query. Because of this  , in recent years  , hash-based methods have been carefully studied and have demonstrated their advantageous for near similarity search in large document collec- tions 27. A related problem is that of document-to-document similarity queries  , in which the target is an entire document  , as opposed to a small number of words for a specific user query. Similarity search has proven to be an interesting problem in the text domain because of the unusually large dimensionality of the problem as compared to the size of the documents . It i s shown that the resulting index yields an I10 performance which is similar to the 1 1 0 optimized R-tree similarity join and a CPU performance which is close to the CPU optimized R-tree similarity join. However  , the challenge is that it is quite hard to obtain a large number of documents containing a string τ unless a large portion of the web is crawled and indexed as done by search engines. Specifically  , the similarity score is computed as: For each temponym t of interest  , we run a multi-field boolean search over the different features of the temponym  , retrieving a set St of similar temponyms: St = {t : simLucenet  , t  ≥ τ } where simLucene is the similarity score of the boolean vector space model provided by Lucene and τ is a specified threshold. In short  , while these approaches focus on the mining of various entities for different social media search applications  , the interaction among entities is not exploited. Based on the RecipeView prototype system  , we have tested the precision /recall based on our method compared to another graph matching approach MCS. Many real-world applications require solving a similarity search problem where one is interested in all pairs of objects whose similarity is above a specified threshold. Currently  , our similarity search for pages or passages is done using the vector space model and passage-feature vectors. However  , no previous research has addressed the issue of extracting and searching for chemical formulae in text documents. Similarity search Similarity searches return documents with chemical formulae with similar structures as the query formula  , i.e. Therefore  , integrating similarity queries in a fully relational approach  , as proposed in this paper  , is a fundamental step to allow the supporting of complex objects as " first class citizens " in modern database management systems. the minimum number of operations needed to transform a document to the query and vice-versa. Given the overall goal of achieving a high recall  , we then analyzed the documents with high similarity for additional noun phrases that must be used to for the next iteration of the search. Once the vectors containing the top results for the two compared texts are retrieved  , cosine similarity between the two vectors is computed to measure their similarity. According to 19  , there is a benefit to laying out photos based on visual similarity  , although that study dealt with visual similarity instead of similar contents. Additionally  , we plan to experiment with re-ranking the results returned by the Lucene search engine using cosine similarity in order to maintain consistency with the relevance similarity method used in scenario A. One possible implementation relies on a search engine   , dedicated for the evaluation  , that evaluates queries derived from the onTopic and offTopic term vectors. Thirdly the returned image results are reranked based on the textual similarity between the web page containing the result image and the target web page to be summarized as well as the visual similarity among the result images. The reason to choose this monolingual similarity is that it is defined in a similar context as ours − according to a user log that reflects users' intention and behavior. The SCQ pre-retrieval over queries predictor scores queries with respect to a corpus also using a tf.idf-based similarity measure 53 . The approach places documents higher in the fused ranking if they are similar to each other. To evaluate the ranking results of the different similarity measures  , we took all chemical entities that were retrieved by a similarity search in the field of drug design  , they expect different ranking results for the same query term. To apply this metric  , we converted the user interest model into a vector representation with all weighted interest elements in the model. Falcons' Ontology Search 10  also identifies which vocabulary terms might express similar semantics  , but it is rather designed to specify that different vocabularies contain terms describing similar data. For each element in R search  we calculate the cosine similarity with the tweet page and sort the results accordingly from most similar to the least. The typical approach is to build some form of tree-like indexing structures in advance to speedup the similarity range query in the application. Note that the second and third features are very similar to two of the similarity measures used in the enhanced pooling approach Section 3.1.2. Since ORN is a graph model that carries informative semantics about an image  , the graph distance between ORNs can serve as an effective measurement of the semantic similarity between images. All those applications indicate the importance and wide usage of a graph model and its accompanied similarity measure sheds some light on similar search issues with respect to implicit structure similarity upon Chinese Web. The experimental results show that our approach achieves high search efficiency and quality  , and outperforms existing methods significantly. This similarity notion is based on functional dependencies between observation variables in the data and thereby captures a most important and generic data aspect. Given a descriptor and a distance measure  , users are allowed to search for data objects not only by similarity of the annotation  , but also by similarity of content. Such queries often consist of query-by-example or query-by-sketch 14. Finding inverted and simple retrograde sequences requires a change in how the self similarity matrix is produced – instead of matching intervals exactly  , we now match intervals with sign inversions. However  , our input data is neither as short as mentioned studies  , nor long as usual text similarity studies. In this paper  , we considered the problem of similarity search in a large sequence databases with edit distance as the similarity measure. In this paper  , we formulate and evaluate this extended similarity metric. The key idea is to design hash functions and learn similarity preserving binary codes for data representation with low storage cost and fast query speed. By better modeling users' search targets based on personalized music dimensions  , we can create more comprehensive similarity measures and improve the music retrieval accuracy. Our main contribution is the search engine that can organize large volumes of these complex descriptors so that the similarity queries can be evaluated efficiently. First  , we want to point out that hash-based similarity search is a space partitioning method. This allows flexible matching of expressions but in a controlled way as distinct from the similarity ranking where the user has less control on approximate matching of expressions. The correlation component Figure 2  calculates the Spearman's rank correlation for the three similarity datasets  , twelve different languages and three similarity measures Cosine  , Euclidean distance  , Correlation 8 . The comparison between raw-data objects is done in a pixel-by-pixel fashion. We compute descriptors by application of a work-in-progress modular descriptor calculation pipeline described next cf. Technically  , a wealth of further functionality to explore exists  , including design of additional curve shape descriptors  , partial similarity  , and time-and scale invariant search modalities. By studying the candidates generated by the QA search module  , we find that Yahoo sorted the questions in terms of the semantic similarity between the query and the candidate question title. Two fusion methods were tested: local headline search  , and cross rank similarity comparison approximating document overlap by measuring the similarity of documents across the source rankings to be merged. These hashing methods try to encode each data example by using a small fixed number of binary bits while at the same time preserve the similarity between data examples as much as possible. Main focus has been fast indexing techniques to improve performance when a particular similarity model is given. The default  , built-in similarity function checks for case-insensitive string equality with a threshold equal to 1. We envisage that such similarity metrics of a feature-similarity model may also serve as objective functions for automated search in the space of systems defined by its feature model. In other words  , the keyword/content based similarity calculation is very inaccurate due to the short length of queries. Web graphs represent the graph structure of the web and constitute a significant offline component of a search engine. In the experiment  , we used three datasets  , including both the publicly benchmark dataset and that obtained from a commercial search engine. Wang  In general  , every similarity query is a range query given an arbitrarily specified range we shall introduce one more element of complexity later. While there might be many high-similarity flexible matches for both the company name e.g. In particular  , we measure the similarity between two categories Cai and Car as the length of their longest common prefix P Cai  , Car divided by the length of the longest path between Cai and Car. For example  , one scientist may feel that matching on primary structure is beneficial  , while another may be interested in finding secondary structure similarities in order to predict biomolecular interactions 16. Nevertheless  , knowledge of the semantics is important to determining similarity between operation. Informally  , we consider two sequences to be similar if they have enough non-overlapping time-ordered pairs of Figure 1captures the intuition underlying our similarity model. PD-Live does a breadth-first search from the document a user is currently looking at to select a candidate set of documents. From Figure 2we can see that using EMD similarity strategy  , there is a higher probability that the top results are always the most relevant ones. Future work will focus on efficient access to disk-based index structures  , as well as generalizing the bounding approach toward other metrics such as Cosine. For both regular and query-biased similarity  , we construct a unigram model of the find-similar document that is then used as a query to find similar documents see equation 1. In MS12  , recommendations were collected by using the location context as search query in Google Places and were ranked by their textual similarity to the user profiles  , based on a TF- IDF measure. The term selection relies on the overall similarity between the query concept and terms of the collection rather than on the similarity between a query term and the terms of the collection. They argue that phonetic similarity PHONDEX works as well as typing errors Damerau-Levenstein metric and plain string similarity n-grams  , and the combinations of these different techniques perform much better than the use of a single technique. In the beginning  , many researchers focused on new dimension reduction technologies and new similarity measuring method for time series. There has been an intensive effort 7 over the last two decades to speedup similarity search in metric spaces. For example  , AltaVista provide a content-based site search engine 1; Berkeley's Cha-Cha search engine organizes the search results into some categories to reflect the underlying intranet structure 9; and the navigation system by M. Levence et al. Therefore  , if we have a very large collection of documents  , we would either be reduced to using a sequential scan in order to perform conceptual similarity search  , or have to do with lower quality search results using the original representation and ignore the problems of synonymy and polysemy. By contrast  , apart from incorporating the search term occurrences in the document for ranking  , our score of every location in the document is determined by the terms located nearby the search term and by the relative location of these terms to the search term. The proposed method provides:  Simultaneous search for Web and TV contents that match with the given keywords  ,  Search for recorded TV programs that relate to the Web content being browsed  Search for Web content or other TV programs that relate to the TV programs being watched. The hash-based search paradigm has been applied with great success for the following tasks: Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. The first set of experiments establish a basic correlation between talking on messenger and similarity of various attributes. Search results consist of images with ORNs that are close to the query image's ORN  , ranked by ORN distances. In particular  , we demonstrate that for a large collection of queries  , reliable similarity scores among images can be derived from a comparison of their local descriptors. This is achieved by identifying the vertices that are located at the " center " of weighted similarity graph. " Web content can be regarded as an information source with hyperlinks and TV programs as another without them. To support similarity search  , partial formulae of each formula are useful as possible substructures for indexing. 9 recently studied similarity caching in this context. The CM-PMI measure consists of three steps: search results retrieval  , contextual label extraction and contextual label matching. The middle diagram shows the tendency that the quality of similarity search can be increased by smaller decay factor . This paper presents the multi-probe LSH indexing method for high-dimensional similarity search  , which uses carefully derived probing sequences to probe multiple hash buckets in a systematic way. For each duplicate DR  , a similarity search was performed and the position of the duplicate DR in the top list was observed . FRAS employs effective methods to compensate the information loss caused by frame symbolization to ensure high accuracy in NDVC search. This paper presents the extended cr* operator to retrieve implicit values from time sequences under various user-defined interpolation assumptions. Next  , we propose models for representating researcher profiles and computing similarity with these representations Section 2. The Contextual Suggestion TREC Track investigates search techniques for complex information needs that are highly dependent on context and user interests. The full version with all similarity criteria was preferred and the visual-only mode was seen as ineffective. For each sentence-standard pair  , we computed the soft cardinalitybased semantic similarity where the expert coreness annotations were used as training data. We defined four types of concepts: proper nouns  , dictionary phrases  , simple phrases and complex phrases. where α is the similarity threshold in a fuzzy query. The use of Bing's special search operators was not evaluated at all. Since local similarity search is a crucial operation in querying biological sequences  , one needs to pay close to the match model. 1 used Euclidean distance as the similarity measure  , Discrete Fourier Transform DFT as the dimensionality reduction tool  , and R-tree 10  as the underlying search index. Top-k queries also as known as ranking queries have been heavily employed in many applications  , such as searching web databases  , similarity search  , recommendation systems   , etc. In particular  , for each input attribute  , we first search for its " representative  , " which is an indexed attribute in the thesaurus with the highest similarity score above a predefined threshold.  We demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of our techniques with a comprehensive empirical evaluation on real datasets. In the conventional case  , the user provides a reference image  , and the infrastructure identifies the images that are most similar. Then the LSH-based method will be used to have a quick similarity search. However  , some studies suggest that different methods for measuring the similarity between short segments of text i.e search queries and tags 9  , 12. Database systems are being applied to scenarios where features such as text search and similarity scoring on multiple attributes become crucial. The semantic gap between two views of Wiki is quite large. If γ is too small  , the connection between different modals is weak with imprecise projection in formula 10  , which will lead to poor performance for cross-modal similarity search.  Visualization of rank change of each web page with different queries in the same search session. The framework for Partition-based Similarity Search PSS consists of two phases. Task T k loads the assigned partition P k and produces an inverted index to be used during the partition-wise comparison. The similarity measure used in the example is Figure 21.2 shows a simple search tree  , a request  , the primary bucket and a set of priorities for the arcs not yet explored. Immediately  , however  , the problem arises of determining the similarity values of the query cluster representatives created in this way with each new Boolean search request formulation. First  , by encoding real-valued data vectors into compact binary codes  , hashing makes efficient in-memory storage of massive data feasible. 1 We also extend this approach to the history-rewrite vector space to encourage rewrite set cohesiveness by favoring rewrites with high similarity to each other. 22 describe a method to compute pairwise similarity scores between queries based on the hypothesis that queries that co-occur in a search session are related. Often  , the structure of the game is preprogrammed and a game theory based controller is used to select the agent's actions. Moreover  , game theory has been described as " a bag of analytical tools " to aid one's understanding of strategic interaction 6. Game theory assumes that the players of a game will pursue a rational strategy. The game theory based research lays the foundation for online reputation systems research and provides interesting insights into the complex behavioral dynamics. The types of games examined as part of game theory  , however  , tend to differ from our common notion of interactive games. Game theory based robot control has similarly focused on optimization of strategic behavior by a robot in multi-robot scenarios. Games such as Snakes and Ladders  , Tic-Tac-Toe  , and versions of Chess have all been explored from a game theory perspective. Game theory provides a natural framework for solving problems with uncertainty. 243–318 for an introduction. Most applications of game theory evaluate the system's performance in terms of winning e.g. Interdependence theory  , a type of social exchange theory  , is a psychological theory developed as a means for understanding and analyzing interpersonal situations and interaction 4. There are many different types of solution concepts in game theory  , the Nash Equilibrium being the most famous example of a solution concept. Tschang also developed a grounded theory of creativity in game development 16 and a theory of innovation 17. Most robotics related applications of game theory have focused on game theory's traditional strategy specific solution concepts 5. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios  , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought l  , 9  , lo . A game is a formal representation of a strategic interaction among a set of players. In game theory  , pursuit-evasion scenarios   , such as the Homicidal Chauffeur problem  , express differential motion models for two opponents  , and conditions of capture or optimal strategies are sought 5. The use of interdependence theory is a crucial difference between this work and previous investigations by other researchers using game theory to control the social behavior of an agent. Because it assumes that individuals are outcome maximizing  , game theory can be used to determine which actions are optimal and will result in an equilibrium of outcome. Then we argue its asynchronous convergence using game theory. The notation presented here draws heavily from game theory 6. She enters a query on game theory into the ScholarLynk toolbar. This approach assumes a competitive game that ensures safety by computing the worst case strategies for the pursuer and evader. Very little work has examined the use of game theory as a means for controlling a robot's interactive behavior with a human. But theories of evolutionary learning or individual learning do. Game theory has been the dominant approach for formally representing strategic inter‐ action for more than 80 years 3. Continued growth depends on understanding the creative motivations and challenges inherent in this industry  , but the lack of collections focused on game development documentation is stifling academic progress. We then consider the noncooperative game theoretic method  , in which each link update its persistent probability using its own local information. The question of interest in cooperative and competitive games is what strategies players should follow to maximize the expected payoff. As a branch of applied mathematics  , game theory thus focuses on the formal consideration of strategic interactions  , such as the existence of equilibriums and economic applications 6. This work attempts to combine these approaches thus exploiting both the strong economical background used by game theory to model the relations that define competitive actions  , as well as sophisticated data mining models to extract knowledge from the data companies accumulate. Lee and Hwang attempt to develop a concep‐ tual bridge from game theory to interactive control of a social robot 11. Games in game theory tend to encompass limited interactions over a small range of behaviors and are focused on a small number of well-defined interactions. We will give a brief overview of game theory  , mechanism design  , probability  , and graph theory. Related problems have been considered in dynamic game theory  , graph theory  , computational geometry  , and robotics. In 24  , a theory of learning interactions is developed using game theory and the principle of maximum entropy; only 2 agent simulations are tested. Similarly  , the work of 25 leverages IRL to learn an interaction model from human trajectory data. Game theory and interdependence theory Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page. Game theory also explores interaction. data mining and game theory have been used to describe similar phenomena  , but with limited interaction between each other. Third  , our proposed model leads to very accurate bid prediction . Internet advertising is a complex problem. As an example  , stochastic uncertainty in sensing and control can be introduced 7  , 111. Game-theory representations have been used to formally represent and reason about a number of interactive games 13. Moreover  , our own results have demonstrated that outcome matrices degrade gracefully with increased error 18. The concept of trust towards a robot  , however  , even when simplified in an economic game seems to be much more complex. Game theory  , however  , is limited by several assumptions  , namely: both individuals are assumed to be outcome maximizing; to have complete knowledge of the game including the numbers and types of individuals and each individual's payoffs; and each individual's payoffs are assumed to be fixed throughout the game. Other disciplines that promise to support for a better grounded discipline of CSD for business value include utility theory  , game theory  , financial engineering e.g. Philanthropies  , universities  , militaries and other important institutions do not take market value as a metric. We remind the reader that the generalized upon the strategies chosen by all the other players  , but also each player's strategy set may depend on the rival players' strategies. For example  , in Figure 1suppose that another liberal news site enters the fray. The imitation game balances the perceived challenges with the perceived skills of the child and proves to be challenging for the children. Our own work has centered on the use of the normal-form game as a representation and means of control for human-robot interaction 12. Although we have framed the issue in terms of a game  , pure game theory makes no predictions about such a case  , in which there are two identical Nash equilibriums. In contrast  , interactive games like Monopoly and poker offer players several different actions as part of a sequential ongoing interaction in which a player's motives may change as the game proceeds or depend on who is playing. It is suspected that the trust exhibited in this game was partly related on how people perceive the robot from a game theory perspective  , in which the 'smart' thing to do is to send higher amounts of money in order to maximize profit. Each game instruction had a 15 % chance of being incorrect translation error rate. The design includes the assignment of an appropriate set of admissible strategies and payoff functions to all players. A solution is in Nash equilibrium if each player has chosen a strategy that is the best response to the strategies of all other players. The motion planning problem can be formulated as a twoperson zero sum game l in which the robot is a player and the obstacles and the other robots are the adversary . Recently this approach has resulted in tremendous advances in the quality of play in information imperfect games such as poker 6. Inoculation has also been studied in the game theory literature. Table 5shows the ten most relevant records in the " game theory " topic. The methods used to represent these games are well known. This is a good example of leveraging machine learning in game theory to avoid its unreasonable assumptions . Bavota and colleagues proposed refactoring detection techniques by using semantic measure- ment 7 and game theory 8. BeneFactor 15  and WitchDoc- tor 12 detect ongoing manual refactorings in order to finish them automatically. Other related recent works include the use of game theory for conflict resolution in air traffic management 4. F'urthermore   , additional structure from modern game theory can be incorporated. Game theory researchers have extensively studied the representations and strategies used in games 3. Fortunately  , game theory provides numerous tools for managing outcome uncertainty 6. This work is structured as follows. Representing games as graphs of abstract states or positions has been a common practice in combinatorial game theory and computer science for decades 15  , 14 . The minimal quotient strategies are equivalent to the nondominated strategies used in multiobjective optimization and Pareto optimal strategies used in cooperative game theory. ScholarLynk searches Bing  , Google Scholar  , DRIVER  , and CiteULike in parallel  , showing the results grouped by the search providers in a browser window. Social interaction often involves stylized patterns of interaction 1. Several different categories of games exist 3. Apart from the continuous and discrete paradigms  , some emerging simulation techniques are also observed in SPS studies  , e.g. Dellarocas 5 provides a working survey for research in game theory and economics on reputation.   , Zotero  , Facebook and Twitter for relevant activities. This paper highlights the efforts of the BEAR project in multi-agent research from an implementation perspective. An interesting future direction is incorporating more theories of human motivation from psychology and human-computer interaction into formal game theory and mechanism design problems. The BErkeley AeRobot BEAR project 3  is a research effort at the University of California  , Berkeley that encompasses the disciplines of control  , hybrid systems theory  , computer vision  , isensor fusion  , communication   , game theory and mult i-agent coordination. While videogames represent an important part of our cultural and economic landscape  , deep theory development in the field of Game Studies  , particularly theory related to creativity  , is lacking. This work differs from much of current human-robot interaction research in that our work investigates theoretical aspects of humanrobot interaction. The novel contributions of this work are 5-fold: 1 We describe a game-based approach to collecting document relevance assessments in both theory and design. In graph theory  , the several interesting results have been obtained for pursuit-evasion in a graph  , in which the pursuers and evader can move from vertex to vertex until eventually a pursuer and evader lie in the same vertex 14  , 15  , 16  , 181. To copy otherwise  , or republish  , to post on servers or to redistribute to lists  , requires prior specific permission and/or a fee. An Agent-Based Simulation model is regarded as a Multi-Agent System MAS  , which is a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents. Researchers in fields as diverse as CSCW  , Web technologies  , crowdsourcing   , social structures  , or game theory  , have long studied them from different perspectives  , from the behaviour and level of participation of specific groups and individuals Lampe and Johnston 2005; Arguello et al. The information space is a standard representational tool for problems that have imperfect state information  , and has been useful in optimal control and dynamic game theory e.g. Similiar to interface automata 8   , UCML takes an optimistic view on compatibility   , that means  , interfaces do not have to be a perfect match to be compatible  , but in contrast to interface automata this is not achieved by finding an environment which is compatible via the game theory. Future studies will generate promising results in all aspects where both a large number of data and interaction between agents are present. A non-malicious node is the commitment type and a long-run player who would consistently behave well  , because cooperation is the action that maximizes the player's lifetime payoffs. Regarding Cloud computing  , the use of Game Theory for the resource allocation problem is investigated in 30. We proposed a game theory based approach for the run time management of a IaaS provider capacity among multiple competing SaaSs. With our game-based HIT  , we aimed to exploit this observation in order to create greater task focus than workers typically achieve on conventional HIT types. This result motivates a CS experiment where we check the correlation between TCT and performance  , completing our argument for detecting careless workers by their TCT under competition conditions. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work in Description Logics towards providing a quantitative measure of inconsistencies. At the same time  , alerts are also sent to anyone following Shaelyn or the topic of game theory about Shaelyn's new reading list. To put his theory to test  , researchers have recently used a web game that crowdsources Londoners' mental images of the city . Representations for interaction have a long history in social psychology and game theory 4  , 6. As the responses of each game partner were randomized unknowingly to the participants  , the attribution of intention or will to an opponent i.e. Characterizing predictability. Here  , the authors start from a bid proportional auction resource allocation model and propose an incomplete common information model where one bidder does not know how much the others would like to pay for the computing resource. Strategic software design is still a new area of inquiry. EDSER seeks good ideas with some plausibility and some support  , preliminary results  , well thought out but provocative positions  , and excellent introductions to and tutorials on relevant art e.g. The main contribution of this paper is twofold: we combine previously known game theory strategies into ontology reasoning and present a measure to systematically evaluate the inconsistencies in ontologies. It is variously called fitness  , valuation  , and cost. This can be considered as positive impact of the robot's behavior because according to the theory presented in 17 which is graphically summarized in Figure 2  , it is preferable to keep humans in a moderate stress level. Although  , the challenge of translating from natural language to a game theory format is beyond the scope on this article  , random errors were added to the instructions in an effort to roughly simulate the errors that would occur during translation. The mentioned appraisal variables are then used by FAtiMA to generate Joy/Distress/Gloating/Resentment/Hope/Fear emotions  , according to OCC Theory of emotions18. Game theory seems to provide a natural setting to study these types of problem  , since it has been used in the past to successfully model other uncertain systems . Companies with higher market shares are more efficient  , establishing that the most important drivers of price changes are changes in demand and competition. Problems arising in the ICT industry  , such as resource or quality of service allocation problems  , pricing  , and load shedding  , can not be handled with classical optimization approaches. The model includes infrastructural costs and revenues deriving form cloud end-users which depend on the achieved level of performance of individual requests . The power of topic modeling is that it allows users to access records across the institutional boundaries of individual repositories; in Table 5the top ten records come from five different repositories. Utility is a unifying  , if sometimes implicit  , concept in economics IO  , game theory 17  , and operations research 121  , as well as multi-robot coordination see The idea is that each individual can somehow internally estimate the value or the cost of executing an action. It is consistent with both this tradition and with the Suits gaming definition to identify these states with the general class  , state of affairs  , or with the narrower subclass of physical object configurations in space. Finally   , given the increasing ease of online experimentation  , one of the more important directions is empirically testing the efficacy of virtual incentive schemes in the wild 30  , 20. For our own research  , we plan to pursue the opportunities provided by the substantial body of work regarding the OAP that is available in other fields  , including operations research  , economics  , and game theory. 2 Based on NIST-created TREC data  , we conduct a large-scale comparative evaluation to determine the merit of the proposed method over state-of-the-art relevance assessment crowdsourcing paradigms. Our modeling approach draws on a number of theoretical bases  , including game theory 10  , 15  , programming language semantics 14  , and universal algebra 19. The number of game events in the window and duration of the window are designed to help the sifier address special cases that occur for many characters when we are predicting at the beginning of their histories. 2006  , to the characteristics of peer-production systems and information sharing repositories Merkel et al. The researchers have replicated a well-known pen-and-paper experiment online: that experiment was run in 1972 by Milgram. The remainder of the paper begins with a brief background discussion of game theory and interactive games  , followed by experiments and results. With these steps the optimal parameter setting was found and used to train the model in the remaining 80% of the sample. Instead  , it is defined by applying compatibility rules to the in-and output to expand the compatibility matching range. Such experimental evaluation may be useful despite the large amount of data from real-life auctions  , as it allows us to ask " what if " questions and to isolate different aspects of user behavior that cannot be answered based just on real-world data. The recent development of Cloud systems and the rapid growth of the Internet have led to a remarkable development in the use of the Game Theory tools. Figure 8 shows Steam Community populations for the twelve countries comprising the union of the top ten user populations and the top ten cheater populations. In companies  , however  , for more than twenty years data mining has been used to retrieve information from corporative databases  , being a powerful tool to extract patterns of customer response that are not easily observable. On the other hand  , research in economics and game theory has focused 8 on the social cost resulting from the widespread availability of inexpensive pseudonyms. This result is really interesting because it establishes a quantitative measure of the different companies' market position in a given market and goes beyond the results each single approach -data mining and game theory -could provide. In this paper we take the perspective of SaaS providers which host their applications at an IaaS provider. Repeated attempts to deflate expectations notwithstanding  , the steady arrival of new methods—game theory 13  , prediction markets 52  , 1   , and machine learn- ing 17—along with new sources of data—search logs 11  , social media 2  , 9  , MRI scans 7—inevitably restore hope that accurate predictions are just around the corner. There has been relatively little prior research on how advertisers target their campaign  , i.e. Considering all these elements  , the combination of data mining with game theory provides an interesting research field that has received a lot of attention from the community in recent years  , and from which a great number of new models are expected. The main result is that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropybased LSH methods to achieve various search quality levels and it is more time efficient than the entropy-based LSH method. The entropy-based LSH method is likely to probe previously visited buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method always visits new buckets. The results show that the multi-probe LSH method is significantly more space efficient than the basic LSH method. This section provides a brief overview of LSH functions  , the basic LSH indexing method and a recently proposed entropy-based LSH indexing method. Table 2 shows the average results of the basic LSH  , entropybased LSH and multi-probe LSH methods using 100 random queries with the image dataset and the audio dataset. To achieve over 0.9 recall  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables of the basic LSH method by a factor of 14 to 18 while achieving similar time efficiencies. The space efficiency implication is dramatic. Although the multi-probe LSH method can use the LSH forest method to represent its hash table data structure to exploit its self-tuning features  , our implementation in this paper uses the basic LSH data structure for simplicity. We have experimented with different number of hash tables L for all three LSH methods and different number of probes T i.e. The basic idea of locality sensitive hashing LSH is to use hash functions that map similar objects into the same hash buckets with high probability. Our experimental results show that the multi-probe LSH method is much more space efficient than the basic LSH and entropy-based LSH methods to achieve desired search accuracy and query time. It also shows that the multi-probe method is better than the entropy-based LSH method by a significant factor. It shows that for most recall values  , the multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the basic LSH method by an order of magnitude. A comparison of multi-probe LSH and other indexing techniques would also be helpful. For example  , 25 introduced multi-probe LSH methods that reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method. We have also shown that although both multi-probe and entropy-based LSH methods trade time for space  , the multiprobe LSH method is much more time efficient when both approaches use the same number of hash tables. In all cases  , the multi-probe LSH method has similar query time to the basic LSH method. In comparison with the entropy-based LSH method  , multi-probe LSH reduces the space requirement by a factor of 5 to 8 and uses less query time  , while achieving the same search quality. To compare the two approaches in detail  , we are interested in answering two questions. We have developed two probing sequences for the multiprobe LSH method. LSH is a promising method for approximate K-NN search in high dimensional spaces. Since the entropy-based and multi-probe LSH methods require less memory than the basic LSH method  , we will be able to compare the in-memory indexing behaviors of all three approaches. For the image dataset  , the Table 2: Search performance comparison of different LSH methods: multi-probe LSH is most efficient in terms of space usage and time while achieving the same recall score as other LSH methods. By picking the probing sequence carefully  , it also requires checking far fewer buckets than entropy-based LSH. Instead of generating perturbed queries  , our method computes a non-overlapped bucket sequence  , according to the probability of containing similar objects. ever developed a LSHLocality Sensitive Hashing based method1  to perform calligraphic character recognition. higher Max F 1 score than ANDD-LSH-Jacc  , and both outperform Charikar's random projection method. We emphasize that our focus in this paper is on improving the space and time efficiency of LSH  , already established as an attractive technique for high-dimensional similarity search. We see that our method strictly out-performs LSH: we achieve significantly higher recall at similar scan rate. We use LSH for offline K-NNG construction by building an LSH index with multiple hash tables and then running a K-NN query for each object. We make the following optimizations to the original LSH method to better suit the K-NNG construction task: We use plain LSH 13  rather than the more recent Multi- Probing LSH 17 in this evaluation as the latter is mainly to reduce space cost  , but could slightly raise scan rate to achieve the same recall. For each dataset  , the table reports the query time  , the error ratio and the number of hash tables required  , to achieve three different search quality recall values. multi-probe LSH method reduces the number of hash tables required by the entropy-based approach by a factor of 7.0  , 5.5  , and 6.0 respectively for the three recall values  , while reducing the query time by half. The entropy-based LSH method generates randomly perturbed objects and use LSH functions to hash them to buckets  , whereas the multi-probe LSH method uses a carefully derived probing sequence based on the hash values of the query object. Our experiments show that the multi-probe LSH method can use ten times fewer number of probes than the entropy-based approach to achieve the same search quality. However  , this method does not use task-specific objective function for learning the metric; more importantly  , it does not learn the bit vector representation directly. Experimental studies show that this basic LSH method needs over a hundred 13 and sometimes several hundred hash tables 6 to achieve good search accuracy for high-dimensional datasets. The multi-probe LSH method proposed in this paper is inspired by but quite different from the entropybased LSH method. It is a big step for calligraphic character recognition. We have implemented the entropy-based LSH indexing method. The default probing method for multi-probe LSH is querydirected probing. Intuitively  , increases as the increase of   , while decreases as the increase of . Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 13  is a promising method for approximate K- NN search. Besides the random projections of generating binary code methods  , several machine learning methods are developed recently. The basic method uses a family of locality-sensitive hash functions to hash nearby objects in the high-dimensional space into the same bucket. We found that although the entropybased method can reduce the space requirement of the basic LSH method  , significant improvements are possible. The results in Table 2also show that the multi-probe LSH method is substantially more space and time efficient than the entropy-based approach. The basic LSH indexing method 17 only checks the buckets to which the query object is hashed and usually requires a large number of hash tables hundreds to achieve good search quality. Our results indicate that 2GB memory will be able to hold a multi-probe LSH index for 60 million image data objects  , since the multiprobe method is very space efficient. Our evaluation shows that the multi-probe LSH method substantially improves over the basic and entropy-based LSH methods in both space and time efficiency. However  , due to the limitation of random projection  , LSH usually needs a quite long hash code and hundreds of hash tables to guarantee good retrieval performance. We compare our new method to previously proposed LSH methods – a detailed comparison with other indexing techniques is outside the scope of this work. Ideally  , we would like to examine the buckets with the highest success probabilities. The two datasets are: Image Data: The image dataset is obtained from Stanford's WebBase project 24  , which contains images crawled from the web. Also note that the space cost of LSH is much higher than ours as tens of hash tables are needed  , and the computational cost to construct those hash tables are not considered in the com- parison. However  , since our dataset sizes in the experiments are chosen to fit the index data structure of each of the three methods basic  , entropybased and multi-probe into main memory  , we have not experimented the multi-probe LSH indexing method with a 60-million image dataset. For even larger datasets  , an out-of-core implementation of the multi-probe LSH method may be worth investigating. We have experimented with different parameter values for the LSH methods and picked the ones that give best performance . Spectral hashing SH 36  uses spectral graph partitioning strategy for hash function learning where the graph is constructed based on the similarity between data points. First  , when using the same number of hash tables  , how many probes does the multiprobe LSH method need  , compared with the entropy-based approach ? Locality sensitive hashing LSH  , introduced by Indyk and Motwani  , is the best-known indexing method for ANN search. Acknowledgments. Thus  , we utilize LSH to increase such probability. Note that one can always apply binary LSH on top of a metric learning method like NCA or LMNN to construct bit vectors. The dataset sizes are chosen such that the index data structure of the basic LSH method can entirely fit into the main memory. Figure 10shows that the search quality is not so sensitive to different K values. As we will show  , our method has better performance characteristics for retrieval and sketching under some common conditions. By probing multiple buckets in each hash table  , the method requires far fewer hash tables than previously proposed LSH methods. Our results show that the query-directed probing sequence is far superior to the simple  , step-wise sequence. These machine learning methods usually learn much more compact codes than LSH since they are more complicated. One of the well-known uni-modal hashing method is Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 2  , which uses random projections to obtain the hash functions. On the other hand  , when the same amount of main memory is used by the multi-probe LSH indexing data structures  , it can deal with about 60- million images to achieve the same search quality. An interesting avenue for future work would be the development of a principled method for selecting a variable number of bits per dimension that does not rely on either a projection-specific measure of hyperplane informativeness e.g. The intention of the method is to trade time for space requirements. This is because that using the LSH-based method for similarity searching greatly reduced the time of  was about 0.004 second in our experiment  , which is very time-consuming in Yu's because it calculate the skeleton similarity between the input calligraphic character and all the candidates in the huge CCD. This method does not make use of data to learn the representation. Although LSH can be applied on the projected data using a metric learned via NCA or LMNN  , any such independent two stage method will be sub-optimal in getting a good bit vector representation. Locality Sensitive Hashing LSH 7 constitutes an established method for hashing items of a high-dimensional space in such a way that similar items i.e. Figure 8 shows some recognition results of five different calligraphic styles using our LSH-based method. Except for the LSH and KLSH method which do not need training samples  , for the unsupervised methods i.e. As we know  , most calligraphic characters in CCD were written in ancient times  , most common people can't recognize them without the help of experts  , so we invited experts to help us build CCD. In our system  , we use a standard Jaccard-based hashing method to find similar news articles. The probability that the two hash values match is the same as the Jaccard similarity of the two k-gram vectors . Since the similarity functions that our learning method optimizes for are cosine and Jaccard  , we apply the corresponding LSH schemes when generating signatures. Each perturbation vector is directly applied to the hash values of the query object  , thus avoiding the overhead of point perturbation and hash value computations associated with the entropy-based LSH method. For the entropybased LSH method  , the perturbation distance Rp = 0.04 for the image dataset and Rp = 4.0 for the audio dataset. A sensitivity question is whether this approach generates a larger candidate set than the other approaches or not. Baselines: We compare our method to two state-of-theart FSD models as follows. For methods SH and STH  , although these methods try to preserve the similarity between documents in their learned hashing codes  , they do not utilize the supervised information contained in tags. Figure 1shows how the multi-probe LSH method works. Since each hash table entry consumes about 16 bytes in our implementation   , 2 gigabytes of main memory can hold the index data structure of the basic LSH method for about 4-million images to achieve a 0.93 recall. In future we plan to make more comparison of our image representation and other descriptors  , such as SIFT and HOG. In addition  , dissimilar items are associated with the same hash values with a very low probability p 2 . In addition  , the construction of the index data structure should be quick and it should deal with various sequences of insertions and deletions conveniently. The key idea is to hash the points using several hash functions so as to ensure that  , for each function  , the probability of collision is much higher for objects which are close to each other than for those which are far apart. Then we run another three sets of experiments for MV-DNN. As pointed out by Charikar 5   , the min-wise independent permutations method used in Shingling is in fact a particular case of a locality sensitive hashing LSH scheme introduced by Indyk and Motwani 12. Also  , our method performs well in recognition rate and show robustness in different calligraphic styles. For our proposed approach  , for both Apps and News data sets  , we first run three sets of experiments to train single-view DNN models  , each of which corresponds to a dimension reduction method in Section 6 SV-TopK ,SV-Kmeans and SV-LSH. We will design a sequence of perturbation vectors such that each vector in this sequence maps to a unique set of hash values so that we never probe a hash bucket more than once. In the test stage  , we use 2000 random samples as queries and the rest samples as the database set to evaluate the retrieval performance. SOM 14Self Organizing Map or SOFM Self Organizing Feature Map shares the same philosophy to produce low dimension from high dimension. b Self-Organizing Map computed for trajectory-oriented data 20. The training of each single self-orgzmizing map follows the basic seiforganizing map learning rule. An interesting property of hierarchical feature maps is the tremendous speed-up as compared to the self-organizing map. Searching in time series data can effectively be supported by visual interactive query specification and result visualization. Another example of visualization techniques of this category is self-organizing map SOM. Abnormal aging and fault will result in deviations with respect to normal conditions. Moreover  , the self-organidng map was used in 29 for text claeaiflcation. For this experiment we used our own implementation of self-organbdng maps as moat thoroughly described in 30. By determining the size of the map the user can decide which level of abstraction she desires. Locating a piece of music on the map then leaves you with similar music next to it  , allowing intuitive exploration of a music archive. Usually  , the Euclidean distance between the weight vector and the input pattern is used to calculate a unit's activation. Finally  , as a result of these first two steps  , the " cleaned " database can be used as input to a Self-Organizing Map with a " proper " distance for trajectories visualization. Vectors with three components are completed with zero values. As a result of this transformation we now have equi-distant data samples in each frequency band. This input pattern is presented to the self-organizing map and each unit determines its activation. For each output unit in one layer of the hierarchy a two-dimensional self-organizing map is added to the next layer. Similar to the works described in this paper  , a Self-Organizing Map is used to cluster the resulting feature vectors. These feature vectors are further used for training a Self-Organizing Map. The difference is the risk to loose the exact plot locations over the original projection. After all documents are indexed  , the data are aggregated and sent to the Self-Organizing Map for categorization. Input vectors composed of range-to-obstacle indicators' readouts and direction-to-goal indicator readouts are partitioned into one of predefined perceptual situation classes. The Self-Organizing Map generated a The Arizona Noun Phraser allowed subjects to narrow and refine their searches as well as provided a list of key phrases that represented the collection. The effect of such a dimension reduction in keyword-baaed document mpmmmtation and aubeequent self-organizing map training with the compreaaed input patterns is described in 32 . Another very promising work is 15 which uses a self-organizing feature map SOFM 12 in order to generate a map of documents where documents dealing with similar topics are located near each other. A self-organizing feature map consists of a two-dimensional array of units; each unit is connected to n input nodes  , and contains a ndimensional vector Wii wherein i ,j identifies the unit at location Ci ,jJ of the array. The SOM solution for getting the tabular view would be to construct a self organizing map over the bidimensional projection. Furthermore  , if a general optimality criterion is given at runtime  , a global optimum can be sought along the lower-dimensional self-motion manifold rather than in the complete n-dimensional configuration space. Experimental results organizing an archive of MP3 music are presented in Section 4  , followed by some conclusions as well as an outlook on future work in Section 5. Probably one of the more important advantages is that generative topographic mapping should be open for rigorous mathematical treatment  , an area where the self- . To help analyze the behavior of our method we used a Self-Organizing Map via the SOM-PAK package 9  , to 'flatten' and visualize the high-dimensional density function 2 . In the CI Spider study  , subjects believed it was easier to find useful information using CI Spider with a score of 3.97/5.00 than using Lycos domain search 3.33 or manual within-site browsing and searching 3.23. In section 6 experimental results are reported and in section 7 a conclusion is given. In ll  the classification task is performed by a self-organizing Kohonen's map. The SOM is designed to create a two-dimensional representation of cells topologically arranged according to the inherent metric ordering relations between the samples in the feature space. In order to use the self-organizing map to cluster text documents  , the various texts have to be represented as the histogram of its words. In Figure 6we provide a typical result from training a self-organizing map with the NIHCL data. Using this similarity in a self organizing map  , we found clusters from visitor sessions  , which allow us to study the user behavior in the web. The Arizona Noun Phraser developed at the University of Arizona is the indexing tool used to index the key phrases that appear in each document collected from the Internet by the Internet Spiders. The density maps for three TREC topics are shown in Figure 2above. F@re 6 shows in fact a highly similar classification rum .dt  , in that the various documents are arranged within the two-dimensional output space of the self-organizing map m concordance with their mutual fictional similarity. To summarize the results  , the experiments indicated that basically the came cluster results can be achieved by spending only a fhction of time for the training proceua. Among the most prominent projects in this arena is the WEBSOM system 12 representing over 1 million Usenet newsgroup articles in a single huge SOM. This is followed by a presentation of our approach to automatic organization of music archives by sound similarity in Section 3  , covering feature extraction  , the principles of the Self-Organizing Map  , and the two-layered architecture used to organize music. If information about the topological order of the training data is provided  , or can be inferred   , only a very small data set is required. In order to achieve a higher resolution in the Cspace and to efficiently use the occupied main memory  , we developed a reorganization mechanism of the C-space  , based on Kohonen's self-organizing feature map  , which is stated in section 5. Each neuron computes the Euclidean distance between the input vector x and the stored weight vector Wii. The mapping to the dual plane and the use of arrangements provides an intuitive framework for representing and maintaining the rankings of all possible top-k queries in a non-redundant  , self-organizing manner. To investigate the robustness of this method  , we added the every type ofnoise to the integrated dataset of the three objects and examined rohustness of maps for categorization tasks under that various conditions. Other iterative online methods have been presented for novelty detection  , including the Grow When Required GWR self-organizing map 13 and an autoencoder  , where novelty was characterized by the reconstruction error of a descriptor 14. This evolution will be characterized by a trajectory on a two-dimensional Self-Organizing Map. The similarity introduced  , can be very useful to increase the knowledge about the visitor behavior in the web. One drawback of these types of systems especially for portable devices is that they require large screen real estate and significant visual attention from the user. An exact positioning of the borderline between the various groups of similar documents  , however  , is not as intuitively to datarmine as with hierarchical feature maps that are presented above. Using Kohonen maps allow the robot to organize the models of the three objects based on its embodiment without the designer's intervention because of the self-organizing characteristic of the map. We called this forest  , Reconfigurable Random Forest RRF. We will give a brief summary of the random forest c1assifier. Random Forest Classifier In our production entity matching system  , we sometimes use a Random Forest Classifier RFC 18 for entity matching. We convert the random forest classifier into a DNF formula as explained in Section 4.3. For the data set of small objects  , the Random Forest outperforms the CNN. We describe here a technique to approximate the matcher by a DNF expression. First  , we describe its overall structure Sec. We use Survival Random Forest for this purpose. We use scikit-learn 28 as the implementation of the Random Forest Classifier. By averaging over the response of each tree in the forest  , the input fea ture vector is classified as either stable or not. This method learns a random for- est 2  with each tree greedily optimized to predict the relevance labels y jk of the training examples. Training a single tree involves selecting √ m random intervals  , generating the mean  , standard deviation  , and slope of the random intervals for every series. All the random forest ranking runs are implemented with RankLib 4 . Similar to the balanced Random Forest 7  , EasyEnsemble generates T balanced sub-problems. Solid lines show the performance of the CNNbased model. The more correlated each tree is  , the higher the error rate becomes. The 90 th percentile say of the random contrasts variable importances is calculated. Other methods require  , in fact  , setting the dwell time threshold before the model is actually built. On Restaurants  , for example  , the random forest-based system had run-times ranging from 2–5 s for the entire classification step depending on the iteration. The dimensionality of the template is very high when considering it as the input to the Random Forest The feature vector serves as an input to a Random Forest C lassifier which has been trained offline on a database. For each tree  , a random subset of the total training data is selected that may be overlapping with the subsets for the other trees. The error rate of a random forest depends on two factors: the correlation between trees in the forest and the strength of each individual tree. First  , random forest can achieve good accuarcy even for the problem with many weak variables each variable conveys only a small amount of information. The Random Forest model selects a portion of the data attributes randomly and generates hundreds and thousands of trees accordingly  , and then votes for the best performing one to produce the classification result. Our selected encoding of the input query as pairs of wordpositions and their respective cluster id values allows us to employ the random forest architecture over variable length input. 2 Training a Random Forest: During trammg of the forest  , the optimization variables are the pairs of feature component cPij and threshold B per split node. There were 100 trees used in the random forest approach and in the ensemble for the random subspace approach. The size of the ensembles was chosen to allow for comparison with previous work and corresponds with those authors' recommendations. We submitted two classification runs: RFClassStrict and RFClassLoose. ICTNETVS07 is the Borda Fuse combination of three methods. High F1 score shows that our method achieves high value in both precision and recall. We experimented with several learning schemes on our data and obtained the best results using a random forest classifier as implemented in Weka. the two baselines  , when using a random forest as the base classifier. Four types of documents are defined in CCR  , including vital  , useful  , neutral  , garbage. ClassificationCentainty as 'compute the Random forest 4  class probability that has the highest value'. An Evidential Terminological Random Forest ETRF is an ensemble of ETDTs. Figure 7 plots the accuracy of using different groups of features when applying Random Forest. In Random Forest  , we  already randomly select features when building the trees. ICTNETVS02 uses Random Forest text classification model  , the result is the sum of probabilities. The final classification P c|I  , x is given by averaging over these distributions. Our choice is based on previous studies that showed Random Forests are robust to noise and very competitive regarding accuracy 9. RIF draws ideas from the interval feature classifier TSF 6  and we also construct a random forest classifier. Specifically  , our random forest model substantially outperforms all other models as query length increases. For the relevance classifier we use an ensemble approach: Random Forest. The pairwise distance function is learned using a random forest. The scores in Table 9show that our reduced feature set performs better than the baselines on both performance measures. A classification tree is easier to understand for at least two reasons. In particular  , each example is represented by two types of inputs. Each tree is composed of internal nodes and leaves. Document-query pairs which are classified as relevant will award extra relevance score. We disambiguate the author names using random forest 34. The forest cover data contains columns with measurements of various terrain attributes  , which are fairly random within a range. The Random Forest classifier delivers the best result for all three categories. For large objects  , it performs significantly better at higher false positive rates. The classification accuracy of this model is lower than that of the CNN and Random Forest. We use the entire 1.2k labeled examples   , which are collected in December 2014  , to train a Random Forest classifier. However  , this resulted in severe overfitting . We leverage a Random Forest RF classifier to predict whether a specific seller of a product wins the Buy Box. Random Forest is the classifier used. Dashed curves refer to the Random Forest based classifiers. On Persons 1  , all three systems performed equally well  , achieving nearly 100 % F-Measure. The metric we used for our evaluation is the F1-score. classification tree is easier to understand than  , say  , a random forest. Our random forest is composed of binary trees and a weight associated with each tree. Standard generalization bounds for our proposed classifier can readily be derived in terms of the correlation between the trees in the forest and the prediction accuracy of individual trees. For the random forest approach  , we used a single attribute  , 2 attributes and log 2 n + 1 attributes which will be abbreviated as Random Forests-lg in the following.  Time Series Forest TSF 6: TSF overcomes the problem of the huge interval feature space by employing a random forest approach  , using summary statistics of each interval as features.  A deeper investigation confirms our intuition that defective entities have significantly stronger connections with other defective entities than with clean entities. The model turned out to be quite effective in discriminating positive from negative examples. Table 2presents the 15 most informative features to the model. Care was taken to avoid over fitting and to ensure that the learnt trees were not lopsided. We demonstrated that our proposed MLRF technique has many advantages over ranking based methods such as KEX. For pointwise  , random forest is utilized to classify the candidate pairs in the new result. Guild quitting prediction classifiers are built separately for 3 WoW servers: Eitrigg  , Cenarion Circle  , and Bleeding Hollow. We use a Random Forest that predicts stable grasps at similar accuracy as a Convolutional Neural Net CNN and has the additional ability to cluster locally similar data in a supervised manner. We are specifically considering templates that are classified to be graspable. A stopping criterion of the error leveling off suffices. Our training set consists of 13 ,649 images; and among them  , 3 ,784 were pornography and 9 ,865 were not. Predictions using our multi-label random forest can be carried out very efficiently. We next present our random forest model. Our system uses Random Forest RF classifiers with a set of features to determine the rank. Table 7 reports the classification performance for a random forest with 10 trees and unlimited depth and feature counts. As such most digits after the first are randomly distributed. These features are: SessionCount  , SessionsPerUserPerDay and TweetsClickedPerSender. For each user engagement proxy  , we trained a random forest RF classifier using the feature set described in Section 4.2. Figure 2shows the system architecture of CollabSeer. A random forest has many nice characteristics that make it promising for the problem of name disambiguation. Random forest consistently outperforms all other classifiers for every data set  , achieving almost 96% accuracy for the S500 data. Figure 1reports these scores. Then for each number of indicators  , we learn a Random Forest on the learning set and evaluate it. The MIA and CDI validity index calculations are not comparable between datasets due to the different number of attributes used. An alternate keypoint-based approach has been described by Plagemann et al. We base such evaluation on a dataset with 50K observations ad  , dwellT ime  , which refer to 2.5K ads provided by over 850 advertisers. We developed a novel multi-label random forest classifier with prediction costs that are logarithmic in the number of labels while avoiding feature and label space compression. Table 10 shows our best performance according to micro average F and SU. We employ Random Forest classifier in Weka toolkit 2 with default parameter settings. After training the random forest c1assifier as above  , there is a minimum number of training data points at each leaf node. Our indexing structure simply consists of l such LSH Trees  , each constructed with an independently drawn random sequence of hash functions from H. We call this collection of l trees the LSH Forest. The matcher is random forest classifier  , which was learnt by labeling 1000 randomly chosen pairs of listings from the Biz dataset. From classification   , the 2-step approach's Random Forest is used as a baseline MC-RF. PF  , CmF  , TF  , CtF denotes the results when our frameworks used personal features  , community features  , textual features  , and contextual features  , respectively. Gini importance is calculated based on Gini Index or Gini Impurity  , which is the measure of class distribution within a node. We employ Random Forest classifier implementation in Weka toolkit 7 with default parameter settings. For most of them  , the Random forest based classifiers perform similar to CNNbased classifiers  , especially for low false positive rates. The classification is done using a random forest classifier trained on a set of 1700 positive and 4500 negative examples 18. 7 Given the large class imbalance  , we applied asymmetric misclassification costs. The reason why this observation is important is because the MLP had much higher run-times than the random forest.  Incorporating both context i.e. In this paper  , the term isolation means 'separating an instance from the rest of the instances'. However   , instead of using time domain intervals  , we use intervals from the data transformed into alternate representations. To convert a random forest into a DNF  , we first convert the space of predicates into a discrete space. We found that for the random forest that we learnt  , the conversion resulted in a DNF formula with 10 clauses. This is a generic technique which we can apply in practice to any arbitrary pair-wise matching function. As of now we do not perform any person specific disambiguation however one could treat acknowledged persons as coauthors and use random forest based author disambiguation 30 . There are two methods of measuring variable importance in a random forest: by Gini importance and by permutation importance. There is small change from 100 to 500 trees  , suggesting that 100 trees might be sufficient to get a reasonable result. To minimize the impact of author name ambiguity problem  , the random forest learning 34  is used to disambiguate the author names so that each vertex represents a distinct author. A pair where the first candidate is better than the second belongs to class +1  , and -1 otherwise. None of the classical methods perform as well. In both works  , the authors showed that there exist some data distributions where maximal unprunned trees used in the random forests do not achieve as good performance as the trees with smaller number of splits and/or smaller node size. A random forest 5  is then built using original and random contrast variables and the variable importance is calculated for all variables. Further  , we limit ourselves to the " Central " evaluation setting that is  , only central documents are accepted as relevant and use F1 as our evaluation measure. Random subspaces ties for the most times as statistically significantly more accurate than C4 .5  , but is also less accurate the most times. It is possible to use the out of bag error to decide when to stop adding classifiers to a random forest ensemble or bagged ensemble. We compare two strategies for selecting training data: backward and random. The mean decrease Gini score associated by a random forest to a feature is an indicator of how much this feature helps to separate documents from different classes in the trees. In sum  , most of the previous work has tackled issues related to improving the choice of features or the quality of the forest of trees. rate  , receive-rate  , reply-rate  , replied-rate yield the best performance with AUC > 0.78 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female to male under the Random Forest model among all graph-based features. Hence  , when a forest of random trees collectively produce shorter path lengths for some particular points  , then they are highly likely to be anomalies. Laplacian kernels are defined mathematically by the pseudoinversion of the graph's Laplacian matrix L. Depending on the precise definition  , Laplacian kernels are known as resistance distance kernels 15  , random forest kernels 2  , random walk or mean passage time kernels 4  and von Neumann kernels 14. An example of generated classification tree is shown in Figure 1due to limited space  , we just show the left-hand subtree of the root node. For each of the three tested categories we trained a different classifier based on the Random Forest model described in Section 3.2.2. This can be easily debugged in the random forest framework by tracing the ad down to its leaf nodes and examining its nearest neighbours. This enabled us to efficiently carry out fine grained bid phrase recommendation in a few milliseconds using 10 Gb of RAM. Then  , calculate the error rate of the random forest on the entire original data  , where the classification for each data point is done only by its out-of-bag trees. Given a query template that is c1assified by the Random Forest  , we can not only predict its probability to afford a successful grasp but also make predictions about latent variables based on the training examples at the corresponding leaf nodes. In other words  , we can see that the HeteroSales framework is especially useful in the case when we only have a limited number of training data. Given the feature set and the class labels stable or shrinking  , we want to predict whether a group or community is likely to remain stable or will start shrinking over a period of time. The cost of traversing each tree is logarithmic in the total number of training points which is almost the same as being logarithmic in the total number of labels. For instance  , if two labels are perfectly correlated then they will end up in the same leaf nodes and hence will be either predicted  , or not predicted  , together. The only conceptual change is that now yi ∈ ℜ K + and that predictions are made by data points in leaf nodes voting for labels with non-negative real numbers rather than casting binary votes. For example  , we can divide the range of values of JaroWinklerDistance into three bins  , and call them high  , medium and low match. The predictive accuracy of our implementation of survival random forest is assessed with an o↵-line test. Hence  , connectivity-based unsupervised classifiers offer a viable solution for cross and within project defect predictions. We conjecture that the decrease in performance when changing to a within-project setting is caused by the low ratio of defects i.e. Table 7shows 10 most indicative features in the MIX+CKP model according to this measurement. In the first experiment we apply the previously trained Random Forest model to identify matching products for the top 10 TV brands in the WDC dataset. Note that it was not always the case that the best performance was achieved in the last iteration. We also found that adding implicit state information that is predicted by our classifier increases the possibility to find state-level geolocation unambiguously by up to 80%. Table 2The performance of submitted runs with vital only Table 3shows the retrieval performance of our submitted two runs for Stream Slotting Filling task. For each selected name  , we then manually cluster all the articles in Medline written by that name. Specifically  , a Random Forest model is used in the provided Aqqu implementation. We employ a random forest classifier as the discriminative model and use its natural ability to cluster similar data points at the leaf nodes for the retrieval task. For Australian   , German and Ionosphere data sets there is improvement of 1.98%  , 5.06% and 0.4% respectively when compared with Random Forest Classifier. These results strongly support our claim that our generic ordering heuristic works well in a variety of application domains. We design a Multi-Label Random Forest MLRF classifier whose prediction costs are logarithmic in the number of labels and which can make predictions in a few milliseconds using 10 GB of RAM. We use the most recent 400 examples as hold-out test set  , and gradually add in examples to the training set by batches of size 50  , and train a Random Forest classifier. Analyzing hundreds of tweets from Twitter timeline we noticed some interesting points. In addition  , a random forest is very fast both in the training and making predictions  , thus making it ideal for a large scale problem such as name disambiguation. Here  , we first give the formal formulation of the author name disambiguation problem and then define the set of attributes  , called the similarity profile  , that will be used by random forest for disambiguation. For both the intrinsic and the stacked models  , we use the Random Forest classifier provided by Weka  , set to use 100 trees  , and the default behavior for all other settings. After another 500 random planning queries  , the empty area that was originally occupied by the obstacle is quickly and evenly filled with new nodes  , as shown in Figure 8d. Positive examples were obtained by setting up the laser scanner in an open area with significant pedestrian traffic; all clusters which lay in the open areas and met the threshold in Sec. In the body-part detector used by Microsoft's Xbox Kinect 1   , each pixel is classified based on depth differences of neighbouring pixels using a random forest classifier. The Forest Cover Type problem considered in Figure 9is a particularly challenging dataset because of its size both in terms of the number of the instances and the number of attributes. We discuss how to automatically generate training data for our Multi-Label Random Forest classifier and show how it can be trained efficiently and used for making predictions in a few milliseconds . In the rest of the experiments  , we configured Prophiler to use these classifiers. In particular  , the random forest classifier achieves an AUC value of 0.71 in a cross-project setting  , but yields a lower AUC value of 0.67 in a within-project setting. The reduced random forest model using just those two variables can attain almost 90% accuracy. Our experiments with feature selections also demonstrate that near-optimal accuracy can be achieved with just four variables  , the inverse document frequency value of author's last name and the similarity between author's middle name  , their affiliations' tfidf similarity   , and the difference in publication years. Please note that we build a global classifier with all training instances instead of building a local classifier for each entity for simplicity. We will show that we can predict the global object shape based on the locally similar exemplars. We perform modelling experiments framed as a binary classification problem where the positive class consists of 217 of the re-clicked Tweets analysed above 5 . Figure 6 shows that with the three features contributing most to model accuracy a random forest model can achieve a similar result as it would with 80 features or more. Figure 2shows the results for the random forest base classifier. If the random forest-based classifier is used on Restaurants  , the difference widens by about 1 % see previous footnote. The MLP-based system achieved run-times ranging from 17 s for the first iteration to almost 20 min for the final iteration. The final ranking is performed using the same learning-to-rank method as the baseline Aqqu system 3  , which uses the Random Forest model. This reasoning may partially explain why ensemble tree models  , such as Random Forest  , are considered superior to standalone tree models. As we are using binary indicators  , some form of majority voting is probably the simplest possible rule but using such as rule implies to choose very carefully the indicators 13. We develop a sparse semi-supervised multi-label learning formulation in Section 4 to mitigate the effects of biases introduced in automatic training set generation. We evaluated the bid phrase recommendations of our multilabel random forest classifier on a test set of 5 million ads. Only our proposed Random- Forest model manages to learn the discriminating features of long queries as well as those of short ones  , and successfully differentiates between CQA queries and other queries even at queries of length 9 and above. Table 4presents examples for queries of different length in each domain  , which illustrate the differences between the tested domains. All the classifiers are implemented with random forest classification model  , which was reported as the best classification model in CCR. They also explored using random forest classification to score verticals run ICTNETVS02  , whereby expanded query representations based on results from the Google Custom Search API were used. We achieved convergence around 300 trees  , We also optimized the percentage of features to be considered as candidates during node splitting  , as well as the maximum allowed number of leaf nodes. At test time  , the random forest will produce T class distributions per pixel x. Especially in our case where the input forms a local shape representation  , these reduced data sets are clusters of locally similar data. These variables can recover the global shape of the associated object. On Persons 1  , the three curves are near -coincidental  , while in the case of ACM-DBLP  , the best performance of the proposed system was achieved in the first iteration itself hence  , two curves are coincidental. Given this disparity in run-times between the two classifiers  , the random forest is clearly a better base classifier choice for the IAEI benchmarks  , and considering only the slight performance penalty  , ACM-DBLP as well. We can observe that the other classifiers achieve high recall  , i.e. The random forest classifier offers two means of determining feature importance: Out of Bag Permuted Variable Error PVE and the Gini Impurity measure 2 . These results indicate that these two feature sets are most influential among all feature sets. Thus  , the dependent variable is represented by the cluster implementation priority high or low   , while we use as predictor features: The number of reviews in the cluster |reviews|. These features include the similarity between a and b's name strings  , the relationship between the authoring order of a in p and the order of b in q  , the string similarity between the affiliations  , the similarity between emails  , the similarity between coauthors' names  , the similarity between titles of p and q  , and several other features. result in the best performance with AUC > 0.76 for female to sample male  , and AUC > 0.8 for male to sample female under Random Forest model among all user-based features  , while the topological features Figure 5: Performance of classifiers with user-based  , graph-based  , and all features to predict reciprocal links from males to females. The core problem in developing an efficient disk-based index is to lay out the prefix tree on disk in such a fashion as to minimize the number of disk accesses required to navigate down the tree for a query  , and also to minimize the number of random disk seeks required for all index operations. A similar approach is suggested by Lafferty and Zhai 9Table 1shows an example relevance model estimated from some relevant documents for TREC ad-hoc topic 400 " amazon rain forest " . Also in this step CLAP makes use of the Random Forest machine learner with the aim of labelling each cluster as high or low priority  , where high priority indicates clusters CLAP recommends to be implemented in the next app release. Finally  , while we did assume label independence during random forest construction  , label correlations present in the training data will be learnt and implicitly taken into account while making predictions. and optimized weighted Pearson correlation. And the most common similarity measure used is the Pearson correlation coefficient So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. Our Matlab implementation of Pearson correlation had similar performance to Breese's at 300ms per rec. To compute the Pearson correlation we need to compute the variances and the covariance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ and M . The result obtained is presented in Table 4. The p-value confirms the statistically significance of the high Pearson correlation when the lead time is less than 2 weeks. Correlations were measured using the Pearson's correlation coefficient. The Spearman's rank correlation coefficient is calculated using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranked variables. The most widely used measure in information retrieval research is neither Pearson nor Spearman correlation  , however  , but rather Kendall's τ 4. A similarly strong correlation was reported by 2. The most popular variants are the Pearson correlation or cosine measure. The code for EM and Pearson correlation was written in Matlab. It corresponds to the cosine of deviations from the mean: The first one proposed in 2 is pearson correlation. Figure 2contains the Pearson correlation matrices for several quantitative biographical items.   , denotes the Pearson correlation of user and user . We expect  , the Kendall rank correlation coefficient see 30  , another much used rank correlation  , to have similar problems in dealing with distributions. The Mean and STD are the average and the standard deviation of the Pearson correlation value calculated from the five trials. The Pearson score is defined as follows: In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. Table 2shows the Spearman correlation coefficient ρ and the Pearson correlation values for each of the distances with the AP. 1 Correlation Between Objective functions and Parame­ ters: The correlation between the parameters and objectives is assessed by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient R as a summary statistic. The correlation between Qrels-based measures and Trelsbased measures is extremely high. The 2-fold procedure enables to have enough queries ~55 in both the train and test sets so as to compute Pearson correlation in a robust manner. Our method outperforms these methods in all configurations. The Pearson correlation is 0.463  , which shows a strong dependency between the median AP scores of a topic on both collections. Overall  , social media-based methods i.e. The results are listed in Table 4and 5  , together with the results for the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method without using any weighting scheme. Computational epidemiologybased methods i.e. For example  , SEIR still can achieve a Pearson correlation around 0.6 while the lead time is 20 weeks. On the other hand  , Item is based on content similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient proposed in 1. However  , when high spatial autocorrelation occurs  , traditional metrics of correlation such as Pearson require independent observations and cannot thus be directly applied. The similarity between users based on the user-class matrix can still be measured by computing Pearson correlation. We use the formula to get the Pearson correlation between the two data sets  , Document-level TRDR performance scores are computed for each question and for both methods. We applied the Ebiquity score as the only feature for coreness classification . In contrast to the reader counts  , we found no correlation between the citation counts and contribution Pearson r = 0.0871. The learning rate and hyperparameters of factor models are searched on the first training data. Proposition 1 defines a ρ-correlated pseudo AP predictor; that is  , a predictor with a ρ prediction quality i.e. Similar results are observed for the TREC-8 test collection. Suppose that there are N configurations a configuration is a query and an ordered set of results. There is a significant correlation 0.55 between the number of judged and number of found relevant documents  , which is not unexpected. Results showed that there was a high correlation among subjects' responses to the items Table 6. It varies from -1 to 1 and the larger the value  , the stronger the positive correlation between them. Following the method described by Sagi and Gal 32  , correlation of matrix level predictors is measured using the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient Pearsons's r . From a correlation perspective  , the similarity wij is basically the unnormalized Pearson correlation coefficient 7 between nodes i and j. Pearson and Kendall-τ correlation are used to measure the correlation of a query subset vectorˆMΦvectorˆ vectorˆMΦ  , and corresponding vector M   , calculated using the full set of 249 queries. All correlations with an absolute value larger than 0.164 are statistically significant at p < 0.05. The p − value expresses the probability of obtaining the computed correlation coefficient value by chance. The Pearson correlation coefficient suffers the same weakness 29 . Thus  , the smaller the p-value  , the Pearson correlation is more statistically significant. The CCF between two time series describes the normalized cross covariance and can be computed as: A common measure for the correlation is the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient. The Spearman correlation coefficients are very similar  , and thus are omitted. Overall  , we find that there is only a weak correlation 0.157 between snippet viewing time and relevance. The same correlation using the features described in 19  was only 0.138. Explicitly  , we derive theoretical properties for the model of mining substitution rules. The values for Pearson correlation are listed in a similar table in the appendix Table 5. Coefficients greater than ±0.5 with statistical significant level < 0.05 are marked with a * . We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. 3 We conduct experiments on two real datasets to demonstrate SoCo's performance. The Pearson R coefficient of correlation is 0.884  , which is significant at the 0.05 level two-tailed. As shown in Table 1  , the ranking of the engines is nearly identical for each directory  , having a .93 Pearson correlation. Each element in vector xi represents a metric value. So far  , several different similarity measures have been used  , such as Pearson correlation  , Spearman correlation  , and vector similarity. The above result shows large correlation of the predicted voice quality and human annotated voice quality. All these ways to calculate the similarity or correlation between users are based solely on the ratings of the users. Through extensive simulation  , Section 3 contrasts some behaviors of ρ r with those of rank-based correlation coefficients. Kendall's τ evaluates the correlation of two lists of items by counting their concordant and discordant pairs. As shown  , topic-based metrics have correlation with the number of bugs at different levels. Similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation between their rating vectors. For our dataset we used clicks collected during a three-month period in 2012. Table 1presents the results. The Memory-based approaches have two problem. This indicates that a significant portion of the queries in these categories is often ranked similarly by frequency. Participants were not encouraged to apply duplicate elimination to their runs. Further we conducted the same experiment with two slices removed at a time. The reasons are two-folded. is a Pearson correlation between the ranks of the active user and the user i concerning objects in X ai . We can make the following observations. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their rating vectors. The cosine similarity is defined as follows: We define the following well-known similarity measures: the cosine similarity and Pearson correlation coefficient. We compute the similarity among users using Pearson correlation 16 between their ratings. We find minimal correlation  , with a Pearson coefficient of 0.07. Since the surveys  , there have been a few papers which gave comparable or better results than Pearson correlation on some datasets. We also note that the method for personality prediction using text reports a Pearson correlation of r => .3 for all five traits. To evaluate the quality of rewrites  , we consider two methods. With the computed weights  , the similarity in PCC method is computed as: In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. It is easy to see that APS r with r in the 0.3 to 0.35 range has the highest Pearson correlation coefficient when compared to human subjects. In our experiment  , we measured the association between two measured quantities remembering scores and the proposed catalyst features  , i.e. As the request frequency follows a heavily skewed distribution  , we group the requests according to their frequencies in the past and compute the Pearson correlation coecient for each group respectively. Since it was not possible to show all the predictors in this paper  , we have chosen to include only those achieving a Pearson coefficient higher than 0.19. Table IIIpresents the significant R coefficients between the parameters and each objective  , as well as the corresponding p-values p for the statistical significance of the association. However  , between fo and foe R = 0.0758 objectives we verify a very low correlation  , that indicates there is no relationship between these objectives. Hence  , which is the Pearson product-moment correlation of Q and d. In other words  , the vector space computation is used because it approximates the correlation computation when the vectors are sparse enough. From Table 1  , we observe that there is low correlation of each of these attributes to conversations with high interestingness. We found that for pairs of non-ClueWeb settings  , excluding AP  , the correlation was at least 0.5; however  , the correlation with AP was much smaller. Entry level prediction evaluation is performed by calculating the Goodman and Kruskal's gamma GK-Gamma for short correlation. The correlation could be for instance calculated by similarity measures like Pearson Correlation or Cosine Similarity  , which are often used in the field of Recommender Systems. Empirical results show that BBC-Press outperforms other potential alternatives by a large margin and gives good results on a variety of problems involving low to very highdimensional feature spaces. However  , the activity signatures do give a more granular picture of the work style of different workers. Before training any of the models  , we compute the Pearson correlation coefficient between each pair of project features Table 5. The pairwise similarity matrix wui  , uj  between users is typically computed offline. We observe that the target item is relevant to some classes. We then use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise user similarity information. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise activity similarity information. A contextaware Pearson Correlation Coefficient is proposed to measure user similarity. They did not evaluate their method in terms of similarities among named entities. In this approach  , the first step is computing the similarities between the source user and other users. It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. To identify similarities among the researchers  , we used the cosine similarity  , the Pearson correlation similarity  , and the Euclidean distance similarity. Moreover   , there is no significant correlation between B and the number of relevant documents Pearson r = 0.059. For comparison  , Breese reported a computing time to generate ratings for one user using Pearson correlation of about 300ms on a PII- 266 MHz machine. The Pearson correlation coefficient is used as a similarity measure for OTI evaluations. This implementation does not include possible improvements such as inverse user frequency or case amplification 15 . Tables 1 and 2 show the correlation coefficients in terms of K. Tau  , SP. Rho and Pearson for a subset of predictors . Table 3 gives the mean over the 50 trials of the Pearson correlation between the per-topic estimate and goldstandard values of R  , the number of relevant documents. There are various visual distance measures and we arbitrarily use the Pearson correlation distance in these experiments. The average Pearson correlation between the four coders across the 1050 labels was 0.8723. Pearson correlation is the covariance of the predicted and label data points divided by the product of their standard deviations. We begin by evaluating how accurately we can infer progression stages. Common similarity metrics used include Pearson correlation 21  , mean squared difference 24  , and vector similarity 5. There are two main problems with using the Spearman correlation coefficient for the present work. adjusted Pearson correlation method as a friendship measure. The left side shows one of the random split experiments from Table 6with a Pearson correlation of >0.6. Classification using this feature alone also yielded an accuracy of 59% as opposed to COGENT's much lower 37%. The next step in the indexing method is dedicated to comparing audio representations  , which is performed using string matching techniques. Overlap  , distinct overlap  , and the Pearson correlation of query frequencies for Personal Finance and Music are shown in Figure 10and Figure 11. To overcome this problem  , we used a statistical method introduced by Clifford et al. Model-based rating-oriented CF learns a model based on the observed ratings to make rating predictions. In our study  , we choose cosine similarity due to its simplicity. For memory-based methods such as Pearson correlation or personality diagnosis PD  , sparse FA is much faster per recommendation 50 times typical. It also and provides typical compression of the dataset of 10-100 times over memory-based methods. Overall  , Pearson correlation coefficient between Eye-tracking and ViewSer groups computed for each individual result was 0.64  , which indicates substantial cor- relation. Pearson correlation coefficients were interpreted according to the widely accepted rule-of-thumb. The Pearson correlation between the elements of M and MΦ is However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. Kendall-τ penalizes disordering of high-performance and low-performance system pairs equally. As per Table 2  , our automatic evaluation MRR1 scores have a moderately strong positive Pearson correlation of .71 to our manual evaluation. result abstracts at lower ranks. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Clearly  , the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method using our weighting scheme referred as 'PCC+' outperforms the other three methods in all configurations. If we only consider changes to the author field values range between 1.5% like before and 13.9% Databases  , Information Theory . The repeatability and reliability of the measurements were evaluated by using Pearson correlation coefficient. Our baseline was a query rewriting technique based on the Pearson correlation. For each user  , we compute the weighted average of the top N similar users to predict the missing values. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise location similarity information. For each activity  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar activities to predict the missing values. The vectors of these metric values are then used to compute Pearson correlation unweighted. For the quality evaluation function  , we use the Pearson Correlation Coefficient ρ as the metric measuring the distance between the human annotated voice quality score and the predicted voice quality. However  , we use Kendall-τ as our final evaluation measure for comparing the rankings of systems produced by full set and a subset of queries. This Simple Pearson Predictor SPP is the most commouly used technique due to its simplicity. The Pearson correlation between Soft Cardinality scores and coreness annotations was 0.71. We then calculate the mean of its column-wise Pearson correlation coefficients with Y . We find this measure is highly correlated with the party slant measurement with Pearson correlation r = 0.958 and p < 10 −5 . Similar patterns can be observed using Root Mean Squared Error RMSE and are omitted for brevity. Figure 2: Synonyms are characterised by a large item similarity and a negative user similarity. The item similarity between two tags SI tq  , ts is derived by computing the Pearson correlation between the two profiles as follows: similarity between two tags based on user or item overlap. This matrix captures which pairs of patterns are collaborative and which are competitive in the context of their domain. The Pearson correlation between the actual aspect coverage and the predicted aspect coverage using JSD distances was 0.397. The intra-observer coefficients were 0.95 ± 0.04 and 0.93 ± 0.05 for expert-1 and expert-2 respectively. According to the above discussion  , we summarize the parameters that correlate with arousal in Table 2  , where Pearson correlation was computed between parameter values and the perceived arousal scale. Relevance and redundancy were measured by Pearson Correlation Coefficients. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient for the different evaluation metrics. MSE stands for the mean value of the squared errors between all the predicted data points and corresponding label points. Possible choices for s ij are the absolute value of the Pearson correlation coefficient  , or an inverse of the squared error. Figure 6 compares the emotion prediction results on the testing set. Their experiments reported a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.8914 on the Miller and Charles 24 benchmark dataset. Therefore  , Miller-Charles ratings can be considered as a reliable benchmark for evaluating semantic similarity measures. However  , most existing social recommendation models largely ignore contexts when measuring similarity between two users. We perform Pearson and Spearman correlations to indicate their sensitivity. This similarity between users is measured as the Pearson correlation coefficient between their term weight vectors unlike the rating vectors described in Section 3.2.1. We use Pearson correlation coefficient between the vectors in the matrix to compute pairwise time similarity information. 7 tell us the magnitude of the synchronization between synchronous development and communication activities of pairwise developers  , but they don't specify if thesynchronization is significant statistically. gives the correlation between the different coverage types and the normalized effectiveness measurement. In the memorybased systems 9 we calculate the similarity between all users  , based on their ratings of items using some heuristic measure such as the cosine similarity or the Pearson correlation score. A popular similarity measure is the Pearson correlation coefficient 5. The variance ofˆMΦofˆ ofˆMΦ is due to two sources  , the variance across systems and the variance due to the measurement noise. As a final method of evaluating our methodology  , we turned to manual evaluations. We compared the in-memory vector search with the inverse model using the basic Pearson correlation. In addition  , we have implemented a standard memorybased method which computes similarities between user profiles based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. Personality diagnosis achieves an 11% improvement over baseline. Therefore sparse FA can be often used on larger datasets than is practical with those methods. First we identify the N most similar users in the database. In our experiments  , we used the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method as our basis. The resulting similarity using corrected vectors is known as the Pearson correlation between users  , as follows. These approaches focused on utilizing the existing rating of a training user as the features. However  , their method uses thousands of features extracted from hundreds of posts per person. The Pearson correlation between coverage of a sub-field and percentage of triggered changes is 0.252. The objects are sorted in ascending order of estimated preferences  , and highly ranked objects are recommended . If the friendship measure is larger than the threshold  , the friend ID with its rating information is sent back to the target peer. Table 5: Pearson correlation coefficients between each pair of features. We further investigate the results of our model and Model-U. Pearson correlation coefficient says how similar two users are considering their ratings of items. In our particular case this rating is represented by behavior of users on every page they both visit. For each location  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar locations to predict the missing values. For each time slot  , we then compute the weighted average of the top N similar time slots to predict the missing values. The Pearson correlation of Ebiquity score with coreness was observed to be 0.67. Pearson Correlation Coefficient between user u and v is: It measures the similarity between users based on their normalized ratings on the common set of items co-rated by them. Model-based approaches group different training users into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. The proof is quite straightforward and is ommitted due to space considerations. The testing procedures for correlated rs and partial rs are discussed in Hotelling 1940 and The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. We repeated published experiments on a well-known dataset. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients were first computed to assess the relationships among the four initial query evaluation items. We used the Pearson product-moment correlation since the expert averages represent interval data  , ranging from 1 to 7. Tab.2  , B represents the Pearson correlation matrix of the pairs of the five domain features over the small dataset. The Pearson correlation between the actual average precision to the predicted average precision using JSD distances was 0.362. Prediction quality measured using Pearson correlation serves as the optimization criterion in the learning phase. To compute the similarity weights w i ,k between users ui and u k   , several similarity measures can be adopted  , e.g. To analyze this  , we measured the Pearson correlation between the displayed popularity of a tag and the likelihood of a user to adopt the tag. More specifically  , We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. Since this technique focuses on predicting each user's rating on an unrated item  , we refer to it as pointwise CF. This subsection presents the data preparation  , label set and performance metrics. Figure 4: ILI visits percentage forecasting performance on the Pearson correlation and p-value for VA and CT in 3 seasons Substantial information about Twitter data and the demographics for the five regions are shown in Table I. Frequently  , it is based on the Pearson correlation coefficient. For each o✏ine metric m and each value of #unjudged from 1 to 9 we compute the weighted Pearson correlation similar to 10  between the metric signal and the interleaving signal. To compare ranking quality  , we also computed nDCG for the best-scoring related approach ESA  , where it reaches 0.845: as Figure 4shows  , our approach scores also beats that number significantly. Section 2 introduces Pearson Rank ρ r   , our novel correlation coefficient  , and shows that it has several desirable properties. Note that this automatic method for evaluation contrasts with the small-scale manual evaluation described in 12. These results point to a fundamentally weak association between a sentence's COGENT score and its expert-assigned coreness  , supporting the first of the two above possibilities. Interestingly  , while we observed a correlation between the averaged contribution and citation counts  , there seems to be no such relation between averaged contribution and reader counts Figures 1b and 1 h. As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Looking just at the results turned in by the active participants in the task i.e. Length Longer requests are significantly correlated with success. Given two ranked lists of items  , the Spearman correlation coefficient 11 is defined as the Pearson correlation coefficient between the ranks i.e. Unlike what we did for thresholded and thresholded condensed  , for the simple and condensed variants we only use the test Figure 5: Pearson correlation between uUBM in di↵erent variants and interleaving signal . Plotting the singular values in a Scree plot Figure 1 indicates that after the 4rth dimension  , the values begin to drop less rapidly and are similar in size. This is to say that users with a high level of English proficiency accept fewer recommendations with respect to users with a low level. Moreover  , the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient 8  , 1 I  is utilized to measure the correlation between two itemsets. We observe that a strong correlation exists  , clearly showing that users are enticed to explore people of a closer age to them Pearson correlation is equal to 0.859 with p < 0.0001. For instance  , younger users tend to click less frequently on results returned to them about persons older than them. In order to quantify the sensitivity of the results we ran a Spearman correlation between the actual and estimated defect densities. Although other methods exist  , we define the temporal correlation function to be the symmetric Pearson correlation between the temporal profiles of the two n-grams  , as used in 5. Table 2 alsoshows the correlation analogous to Pearson correlation coefficient between the row and column scores for each dimension singular value score; the greater the inertia  , the greater the association between row and column. Some categories have a high Pearson correlation. The advantage of the vector space computation is that it is simpler and faster. The Pearson correlation comparison for k values between C4.5 and SV M is 0.46  , showing moderate correlation ; however  , r values are weakly negatively correlated at -0.35. We consider correlation using the Pearson correlation coefficient between interestingness averaged over 15 weeks and number of views  , number of favorites  , ratings  , number of linked sites  , time elapsed since video upload and video duration which are media attributes associated with YouTube videos. This lack of relationship between sentiment and success may be a masking effect  , due to the correlation between positive sentiment and other variables like reciprocity Pearson correlation coefficient r = .08 and word length r = .10. In contrast  , our group of human annotators only had a correlation of 0.56 between them  , showing that our APS 0.35 's agreement with human annotators is quite close to agreement between pairs of human annotators. Statistically speaking  , this is a fairly strong correlation; however  , the inconsistencies are enough to cloud whether the small accuracy improvements often reported in the literature are in fact meaningful. The correlation does not indicate how often the computer grader would have assigned the correct grade. set to determine the correlation and just ignored the training set as there is nothing we need to tune. This approach is not used in this paper  , however we will further investigate this in future research. The Pearson correlation score derived from this formula is .538 which shows reasonably high correlation between the manual and automatic performance scores and  , as a result  , justifies the use of automatic evaluation when manual evaluation is too expensive e.g. This is done by computing the Pearson correlation Equation 1 between the active user and all other users in R and ranking them highest to lowest according to that correlation. There was a fairly strong positive correlation between these variables  =0.55 showing that as we move further back in time away from the onset the distance between the clusters increases. We find that  , indeed   , locations with pleasant smells tend to be associated with positive emotion tags with correlation r up to 0.50  , while locations with unpleasant smells tend to be associated with negative ones. We can also observe the inertia of the crowd that continued tweeting about the outbreak   , even though the number of cases were already declining e.g. In particular  , for the APP case there is a moderate negative correlation between the declared English proficiency and the acceptance rate PEARSON correlation with ρ = −0.46 and p = 0.005. Note that the Pearson and Kendall's τ correlation coefficients work on different scales and so cannot be directly compared to each other. As expected  , the Pearson coefficient suggests a negative correlation between the quality of QAC rankings and the average forecast errors of the top five candidates r ≈ −0.17 for SMAPE-Spearman and r ≈ −0.21 for SMAPE-MRR. The Kendall's τ should be compared with the 0.742 correlation for ranking the TREC 2004 systems based on the TREC 2003 versus the TREC 2004 topics; the Pearson's coefficients should be compared with the 0.943 correlation on scores between the two topic sets. One of the advantages of using MART is that we can obtain a list of features learned by the model  , ordered by evidential weight. The correlation between the two measures was evaluated using the Pearson correlation coefficient and Kendall's−τ 4 . While ESA achieves a rather low Pearson correlation and SSA comparably low Spearman correlation  , our approach beats them in both categories. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficients r and Spearman's Rank Order r s  correlations were computed to assess whether participants' preferences regarding robot design and use were correlated with their religious affiliation and spiritual beliefs. We expected an immediate identification between sizing and effort  , but ultimately the data showed very weak correlations  , i.e. In this part of the experiment we measured the correlation between the model-induced measurements JSD distances of the model components and the average precision AP achieved by the search system for the 100 terabyte topics . The correlation coefficient is then computed for two of these vectors  , returning values in the range -1 ,+1. COGENT score showed a Pearson correlation of only 0.3 with coreness labels in this data set whereas the most predictive single feature in our feature set character ngram overlap  , Section 5.1 had a correlation of 0.77. From the results  , we observe that on the last three weeks 13  , 14  , 15 with several political happenings  , the interestingness distribution of participants does not seem to follow the comment distribution well we observe low correlation. We observe that the future frequency of a request is more correlated with its past frequency if it is a frequent query  , and there is little correlation when a request only occurs a handful of times in the past. Unlike the correlation  , these measures capture how much one scoring procedure actually agrees with another scoring procedure. To compare the behavior of Arab and non-Arab users as defined in Data Section  , we present the two user populations in FiguresTable 5shows Pearson product-moment correlation r and Spearman rank correlation coefficient ρ between the percentage of #JSA tweets and the percentage of Muslims in the country's population in various slices of data. We can appreciate the high correlation of the curves  , which corresponds to a Pearson correlation coefficient of 0.864. We verified this by computing the Pearson correlation coefficient ρ between the search performance of the different settings captured by MAP  , as reported in Figure 7a  , and the alignment quality in terms of precision and recall for relevant entities  , as reported in Figure 9a. The Pearson correlation between these two distributions is highly significant r = .959  , p < .001. The Pearson correlation between the number of active seconds and the total number of seconds for these workers was 0.88 see Figure 7 . The Pearson correlation coefficient is 0.669 p<0.0005 indicating a similar relationship between the actual and estimated pre-release defect density. This similarity between papers is measured using the Pearson correlation coefficient between the papers' citation vectors  , – Select n papers that have the highest similarity with the target paper. The Pearson correlation coefficients between each feature and popularity for authors in each experience group are shown in Table 3. However  , according to Figures 1g and 1 e  we can see that when comparing averaged values the behaviour of the contribution metric is not random  , instead it is clearly correlated with citation counts. There is an interesting study 4 which found using the Pearson coefficient that there is no correlation between the average precision with the original query and s average precision increment by QE. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Table 6summarizes the results for these three methods. Finally  , we build a large set of manual relevance judgments to compare with our automatic evaluation method and find a moderately strong .71 Pearson positive correlation. The gold-standard value of R for the TREC 2012 collection is the estimate produced using the entire set of runs submitted to the Medical Records track. Similarity between users is then computed using the Pearson correlation: Rating data is represented as a user × item Matrix R  , with Ru  , i representing the rating given by user u for item i  , if there exists a rating on item i  , or otherwise there will be a null value. This suggests that even when results for a topic are somewhat easier to find on one collection than another  , the relative difficulty among topics is preserved  , at least to some extent. Instead of using cosine similarity to compute the user check-in behavior  , we have also tried other metrics  , such as Pearson correlation and Total Variation Distance  , but observed similar results. For each window size seven  , 15  , 30  day  , we calculated the average role composition of each forum and measured the Pearson correlation between each pair of vectors and recorded the significance values. Results: Table 1shows Pearson correlation r scores for both datasets. The figure shows plots of the comment distribution and the interestingness distribution for the participants at each time slice along with the Pearson correlation coefficient between the two distributions. We then compute the correspondence between ground-truth stage s * e and the learned stagê se using two standard metrics: Kendall's τ and the Pearson correlation coefficient. We used it instead of the Pearson coefficient to avoid introducing unnecessary assumptions about the distribution of the data. We find that for all style dimensions none of these features correlate strongly with stylistic influence; the largest positive Pearson correlation coefficient obtained was 0.15 between #followees and stylistic influence on 1st pron. The Pearson correlation between single-assessor and pyramid F-scores in this case is 0.870  , with a 95% confidence interval of 0.863  , 1.00. For 16.4% of the questions  , the nugget pyramid assigned a non-zero F-score where the original single-assessor F-score was zero. Billerbeck and Zobel explored a range of query metrics to predict the QE success  , but  , as they report  , without clear success. However  , due to the low number of participants specifically 5 we managed to involve before the submission deadline  , this method did not prove particularly useful. These results demonstrate that  , despite their shared motivating intuition to promote resources that minimize query ambiguity  , the CF-IDF and query clarity approaches perform quite differently when applied to the same topic. The results are presented in Table 2and show that the window size does have an effect on the role composition. Then we predict a missing rate by aggregating the ratings of the k nearest neighbours of the user we want to recommend to. We calculate three similarity weights based on the users playcount  , users tag and users friendships respectively using the Pearson correlation coefficient and then use their weighted sum in place of wa ,u in equation 3. This suggests that  , while party members may be found at different positions in the leftright spectrum  , media outlets tend to pick legislators who are representatives of the two parties' main ideologies  , such as Left-wing Democrats or Right-wing Republicans. Next  , we study the Pearson product-moment correlation between user j's disclosure score θ j and the user's five personality scores  , plus three additional attributes  , namely sex  , number of social contacts  , and age. To evaluate the effectiveness of GENDERLENS  , we conducted a user study where 30 users 15 men and 15 women were asked to indicate their preference for one of the two gender-biased news columns. At profile level  , the two classifiers performed very similarly instead  , and their classifications were strongly correlated Pearson correlation coefficient of r = .73: each profile  , on average  , was considered to be positive/negative to a very similar extent by both classifiers. This may also indicate that on Instagram since the main content is image  , textual caption may not receive as much attention from the user. But we do not use RMSE because the graded relevance and the estimated relevance have different scales from 0 to 2  , and from 0 to 1 respectively. To test whether the relative difficulty of the topics is preserved over the two document sets  , we computed the Pearson correlation between the median AP scores of the 50 difficult topics as measured over the two datasets. The free-parameter values of each predictor's version doc  , type and doc ∧ type were learned separately. In summary  , the check-in behavior at one time may be more similar to some time slots than others. Prediction performance is measured  , as usual  , by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of the relevance-model-based corpus ranking at cutoff 1000 and that which corresponds to the predicted values . In particular  , we quantify behavioral agreement using the Pearson correlation score between the ratings of two users  , and we compare this between users with positive and negative links. To test the most accurate efficiency predictors based on single features  , we compute the correlation and the RMSE between the predicted and actual response times on the test queries  , after training on the corresponding training set with the same query length. The columns labeled 'all' indicates the results for all the systems in a test collection. Ideally the Kendall-τ 3 Similar results were also observed for Pearson correlation but not reported due to lack of space. Most of the work in evaluating search effectiveness has followed the Text REtrieval Conference TREC methodology of using a static test collection and manual relevance judgments to evaluate systems. To remove the difference in rating scale between users when computing the similarity  , 15  has proposed to adjust the cosine similarity by subtracting the user's average rating from each co-rated pair beforehand. We calculated the Pearson correlation coefficient between the Miller-Charles scores and the NBD baseline  , as well as the three NSWD variants. Following standard practice in work on queryperformance prediction 4  , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true AP of permutations Qπ and their predicted performance  Qπ. Empirical studies have shown that our new weighting scheme can be incorporated to improve the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method substantially under many different configurations. Binomial tests were used to analyze whether behaviors under the APS condition was perceived more natural than the IPS condition H3. What we need is a similarity measure that can be used to find documents similar to the seed abstracts from a large database. In the experiment  , four metrics are adopted  , namely mean squared error MSE  , Pearson correlation  , p-value  , and peak time error. As usual with item-item magnitudes  , all s ij 's can be precomputed and stored  , so introducing them into the user-user model barely affects running time while benefiting prediction accuracy . A positive value means that nodes tends to connect with others with similar degrees  , and a negative value means the contrary 29. Experiments conducted on two real datasets show that SoCo evidently outperforms the state-of-the-art context-aware and social recommendation models. To measure the goodness of fit of the selected model  , we computed the square of the Pearson correlation r 2   , which measures how much of the variability of actual AM could be explained by variation in predicted AM . Consequently  , we performed a Pearson Chi-square test to check if there exists any association between the role of the respondents 7 different categories and the choice of programming language as a deciding factor for a system being legacy. From Figure 2  , we observe that the clicks are not strictly correlated with the demoted grades: the average Pearson correlation between them across the queries is 0.5764 with a standard deviation 0.6401. During the testing phase  , recommendations are made to users for items that are similar to those they have rated highly. In terms of Pearson correlation  , the improvement over the baseline is even larger  , as the stages learned by the baseline are negatively correlated with the true stages. We used a Boolean recommendation as a baseline and compared it with recommendations for scholarly venues based on PVR implicit ratings. Both our weighting scheme and the two weighting schemes to be compared are incorporated into the Pearson Correlation Coefficient method to predict ratings for test users. The first observation is that  , both the inverse user frequency weighting and the variance weighting do not improve the performance from the User Index baseline method that does not use any weighting for items. Previous work in this area has assigned continuous ranking scores to essays and used the Pearson product-moment correlation or r  , between the human graders and the computer grader as the criteria1 measure . As in the previous case  , there is no correlation between the contribution measure and reader counts  , which is confirmed by Pearson r = 0.0444. Similarly  , the average improvement in Pearson correlation rises from 7% to 14% on average. The x axis shows the size of the user profile and the y axis the average number of milliseconds to compute a neighbourhood for that profile size. Per-query results are highly correlated between systems   , in typical cases giving a Pearson score of close to 1  , because some queries are easier to resolve or have more answers than others; this correlation can affect assessment of significance. In the WSDM Evaluation setup  , we compare the performance of BARACO and MT using the following metrics: AUC and Pearson correlation as before. We use the Pearson correlation between the prediction values assigned to a set of queries by a predictor and the ground-truth average precision AP@1000 which is determined based on relevance judgements. The weights associated with feature functions in LTRoq are learned in two separate phases. B feature vector construction for target papers using the discovered potential citation papers. Focusing on any experience group  , the feature that is most strongly correlated with popularity is the number of publications 8 : the correlation reaches 0.81 for the most experienced scholars both Pearson and Spearman coefficients. Each NSWDbased similarity measure was tested with three disambiguation strategies: manual M  , count-based C  , or similarity-based S  , using two widely used knowledge graphs: Freebase and DBpedia. We have scaled such that the maximum number of downloads in both the observed and predicted values is equal to 1. We considered the logarithms of the last two attributes because their distributions are skewed. The Pearson product moment correlation was used to measure the relations among the SRDs  , since they are all measured continuously. To derive a lower bound on prediction quality  , we next present an approach for generating pseudo AP predictors  , whose prediction quality can be controlled. Since Pearson correlation is the evaluation metric for prediction quality  , there should be as many queries as possible in both the train and test sets. Perhaps the most important point to note  , however  , is that this is all possible on a computer as small and inexpensive as a DEC PDP-II/45. Fitting with power-law models  , we report the following exponents: α: blog in-links distribution  , β: blog out-links distribution  , τ : latencies distribution  , γ : cascade sizes distribution. Emotion Words. A wide representation of different programming languages can explain this fact. Although Miller-Charles experiment was carried out 25 years later than Rubenstein- Goodenough's  , two sets of ratings are highly correlated pearson correlation coefficient=0.97. We find that few features are correlated with each other i.e. Common " similarity " measures include the Pearson correlation coefficient 19  and the cosine similarity 3 between ratings vectors. The similarity is computed based on the ratings the items receive from users and measures such as Pearson correlation or vector similarity are used. We then took the mean of these n ratings and computed Pearson correlation between Turker mean responses and expert mean responses . the Pearson correlation coefficient 8 rR 1   , R 2  = 0.57  , meaning that star-shaped cascades are more likely to exhibit a largely shared topic than chain-shaped ones. The results are shown in figure 1and demonstrate that estimated qualities are fairly close to the ground truth data Pearson correlation = .88  , ρ < 10 −15 . Figure 8 shows the agreement measured for each of the news categories   , together with the Pearson correlation and the corresponding level of significance. On average  , there are 30% more hashtags for a Twitter post compared to an Instagram post Pearson correlation coefficient = 0.34 between distributions with p-value < 10 −15 . We report the results in terms of Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation coefficients and show that the query subsets chosen by our models are significantly more effective than those selected by the considered baseline methods. It is known that using query subsets may lead to poor performance when estimating the performance of previously unseen new systems 17 . Table 1summarizes the Kendall-τ and Pearson correlation for the four query selection methods when selecting {20  , 40  , 60}% of queries in the Robust 2004 and the TREC-8 test collections. Timing results for inverted search and vector search for the Pearson correlation for one of the runs are shown in Figure 1and Figure 2. Following common practice 2   , prediction quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the true average precision AP@1000 for the queries  , as determined using the relevance judgments in the qrels files  , and the values assigned to these queries by a predictor. One difficulty in measuring the user-user similarity is that the raw ratings may contain biases caused by the different rating behaviors of different users. Finally  , the predictors proposed in this work outperform those in the literature  , within this particular context. Future work will put these findings to a practical application for selective approaches to PRF-AQE  , or in the selection of a baseline model to optimize a system's overall performance given the conditions of a particular query. We then feed this profile to our models and compare the suggestions to the actual ratings that the user provided using the Pearson productmoment correlation coefficient 3. To ensure inter-reliability  , the researchers tested 10 websites respectively  , and then conducted cross-checks. The Pearson correlation coefficient between the width and the depth of a tree is 0.60  , which suggests that the largest trees are also the deepest ones. Since the number of users and items are usually large  , the feature spaces used for computing similarity  , such as cosine and Pearson correlation   , become high dimensional  , and hence  , hubness occurs. The scatter plot indicates that a strong correlation was observed  , and hence  , hubness occurred. To examine this  , we also measure the Pearson correlation of the queries' frequencies. Finally  , we computed the Pearson correlation of the learned λ l 's values averaged over the train folds and cluster sizes between experimental settings. For reference comparison  , we report the performance of using the measures to directly predict the quality of the initial QL-based ranking  , as originally proposed. RDMA measures the deviation of agreement from other users on a set of target items  , combined with the inverse rating frequency for these items. Furthermore we assume that the Pearson correlation between the different measurement dimensions y i and y j is equal to ρ for all i  , j. We found that in spite of the abstract nature of the dimension being coded quality of interaction interobserver reliability was quite high  average Pearson Correlation between 5 independent observers was 0.79 44  , 42. In fact  , according to the manual annotation study of SemEval  , the average inter-annotator agreement measured by Pearson correlation measure is only 53.67%. However  , the correlation between the number of declared friends and the number of distinct interaction partners is low Pearson coefficient 0.16. This work also compared the performance of different similarity measures  , i.e. The project shown had 30 modules; the history and metrics of 2/3 of these were used for predicting the ranking of the remaining ten modules. In step 1  , Sa ,g  , which denotes similarity between users a and centroid vectors of clusters g  , is computed using the Pearson correlation coefficient  , defined below: Compute a prediction from a weighted combination of the term weights using centroid vectors of clusters. CF also has a good performance since it can always give prediction if the target item has at least one rater and the Pearson correlation similarity between this rater and the target user is calculable. As a weight we use the number of queries participating in the calculation of the metric signal this number is di↵erent for each experiment. As mentioned in Section 1  , all the social recommendation approaches need to utilize the additional explicit user social information  , which may limit the impact and utilization of these approaches. Note that Pearson correlation  , the most accurate reported scheme on Eachmovie from Breese's survey  , achieves about a 9% improvement in MAE over non-personalized recommendations based on per-item average. Thus  , in practice we look for a subset that maximizes the Pearson correlation betweenˆMΦ betweenˆ betweenˆMΦ and M . We sampled a query log and pair queries with documents from an annotated collection  , such as a web directory  , whose edited titles exactly match the query. To this end  , we calculate Pearson correlation coefficient between the result rank position and number of times the result was examined  , clicked  , and ratio of these counts. Model-based approaches group together different users in the training database into a small number of classes based on their rating patterns. As a similarity measure  , the commonly used Pearson correlation coefficient is chosen. The query likelihood method 11 serves for the retrieval method  , the effectiveness of which we predict. Pearson and Cosine are based on user similarity as measured by Pearson's correlation coefficient and cosine similarity  , respectively. In a second experiment  , our goal was to estimate which of the topics has 10% or less of their aspects covered by the document collection. The resultant predictors  , which differ by the inter-entity similarity measure employed  , are denoted AC rep=score;sim=doc and AC rep=score;sim=type. Specifically  , we use the Pearson correlation coefficient: To evaluate the authority scores computed by our methods  , we rank the authors in decreasing order by their scores  , and compare our ranking with the ranking of users ordered by their Votes and Stars values. Results  , measured using Pearson correlation over the 10 folds and both data sets are presented in Table 2a. There is  , therefore  , a clustered division along the two " civilizations " described by Huntington. Although we found stronger correlations with tags from a user's own culture own = 0.66  , other = 0.42  , we did not find significant differences between cultures. The advantage of Pearson correlation  , as opposed to for example the cosine similarity measure 1  , lies in its taking care of the general rating tendency of the two arbiters involved . Some people rather assign higher scores while others tend to assign lower values. There were no significant correlations between subjects' estimates of recall and their estimates of time  , or actual time taken. In memory-based methods  , this is taken into account by similarity measures such as the Pearson or Spearman correlation coefficient 15 which effectively normalize ratings by a user's mean rating as well as their spread. Although we have shown that different categories have differing trends of popularity over the hours of a day  , this does not provide insight into how the sets of queries within those categories change throughout the day. For paired users giving responses to a few items in common  , the number of non zero elements of vectors becomes small  , and hence  , the resulting Pearson correlation becomes less trustworthy. Hub objects very often appear in the k-NNs of other objects  , and therefore  , are responsible for determining many recommendations . Following common practice 11  , prediction over queries quality is measured by the Pearson correlation between the values assigned to queries by a predictor and the actual average precision AP@1000 computed for these queries using TREC's relevance judgments. Thus we suggest a method for optimizing these parameters by maximizing Pearson correlation between ERR and a target online click metric. The most common correlations of spiritual beliefs and robot design and use preferences were related to participants' agreement with Confucian values. He concluded that cluster-based selection could not improve upon greedy ranking-based selection  , but a second approach that integrated relevance and redundancy into a single score in a way similar to mRmR 8 did so. However  , while the lead time increases  , both the two errors of increase by 5-10 times. For each symptom e in our dataset  , we measure the posterior probability Pek that the event " CKD stage k " happens with the event at the same Score Ours Baseline Kendall's τ 0.810 0.659 Pearson correlation 0.447 -0.007 visit. Yet  , there was also a considerable difference between the two ratings: the average absolute value of this difference for a given topic by a given person was 0.72 stdev: 0.86. 7 The highly effective UEF prediction framework 45 is based on re-ranking the retrieved list L using a relevance language model induced from L. We use the exponent of the Pearson correlation between the scores in L and those produced by the re-ranking as a basic prediction measure. In order to analyze and compare the results  , we made use of the popular Pearson correlation coefficient see  , e.g. The measure is scaled by the value assigned by some basic predictor — in our case  , Clarity  , ImpClarity  , WIG or NQC— to produce the final prediction value. Table 1 shows the Pearson correlation coecient between the frequency of the physical image requests in the past the training period of the experiments reported in Section 4.2 and the frequency of the same physical image requests in the future the testing period of the experiments . The data are suggestive  , then  , that one component of an effective retrieval approach is an effective method of interacting with the Topic Authority  , but  , with the data points we have  , we cannot establish the significance of the effect. Based on the user similarity  , missing rating corresponding to a given user-item pair can be derived by computing a weighted combination of the ratings upon the same item from similar users. We find Pearson correlation for differences of nDCG@10 from RL2 to RL3 and that from RL2 to RL4 is -0.178 and -0.046 in two evaluation settings  , which can indicate RL3 and RL4 and possibly the different resources used for PRF will have different but not necessarily opposite behaviors in two evaluation settings. Similar to the facts reflected by the Pearson correlation in Figure 4  , the social media-based methods outperform computational epidemiology-based methods like SEIR and EpiFast in small lead time by achieving low MSE and peak time error. There was a positive correlation between the expertise rating and the interest rating by a given participant to a given topic Pearson coefficient of 0.7  , indicating that people are usually interested in topics in which they have expertise and vice versa. When we test this impression by calculating the Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient  , however  , we obtain a positive point estimate  , but a very wide 95% confidence interval  , one that in fact overlaps with zero: r = 0.424 -0.022  , 0.730. The main reason for this inconsistency is the hard demotion rule: users might have different demotion preferences for different queries  , and it's most impossible for an editor to predefine the combination rules given the plurality of possibilities. This yields ρMAP  , Precision-Rel = 0.98 and ρMAP  , Recall-Rel = 0.97  , indicating strong dependency between quality of the mappings and search performance. All these factors turned out to be significantly correlated with MCAS score p < .05  , N=417 Particularly  , the correlations between the two online measures ORIGINAL_PERCENT_CORRECT and PERCENT_CORRECT and MCAS score are 0.753 and 0.763  , even higher than the correlation between SEP-TEST and MCAS score actually  , 0.745. This feature had a Pearson correlation of 0.56 with coreness  , considerably higher than COGENT's 0.3. To determine whether periodicity changed as the onset approached  , we computed the Pearson correlation coefficient   between the time between the clusters and the time from the onset. To address this problem we also considered normalised llpt denoted nllpt results  , where for each query the score of each system was divided by the score of the highest score obtained by any system for that query. For all messages retrieved  , the Pearson product-moment correlation between system ratings and manual ratings of relevance was about 0.4. Table 1presents Pearson correlation coefficients that examined time taken to complete each search actual and estimated by subjects  , recall actual and estimated by subjects and number of documents saved. where now ¯ ri is the mean rating of item i and w i ,k is the similarity weight between items i and k. The main motivation behind item based systems is the computational savings in calculating the item-item similarity matrix. To validate the effectiveness of the proposed JRFL model in real news search tasks  , we quantitatively compare it with all our baseline methods on: random bucket clicks  , normal clicks  , and editorial judgments. The monotonic relationship between the predicted ranking and CTRs is much more evident than the one given by the demoted grades: URLs with lower CTRs concentrate more densely in the area with lower prediction scores  , and the average Pearson correlation between the predicted ranking score and CTR across all the queries is 0.7163 with standard deviation 0.1673  , comparing to the average of 0.5764 and standard deviation of 0.6401 in the the demoted grades. As mentioned in section 2.4  , however  , because related parameters are not tuned for RL3 and RL4 in our runs  , results reported in this section may not indicate the optimized results for each method. The lower perplexity the higher topic modeling accuracy. To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Third  , ensembles of models arise naturally in hierarchical modeling. This modeling approach has the advantage of improving our understanding of the mechanisms driving diffusion  , and of testing the predictive power of information diffusion models. In addition to early detection of different diseases  , predictive modeling can also help to individualize patient care  , by differentiating individuals who can be helped from a specific intervention from those that will be adversely affected by the same inter- vention 7  , 8. However  , this step of going the last mile is often difficult for Modeling Specialists  , such as Participants P7 and P12. Unlike traditional predictive display where typically 3D world coordinate CAD modeling is done  , we do not assume any a-priori information. Calculating the average per-word held-out likelihood   , predictive perplexity measures how the model fits with new documents; lower predictive perplexity means better fit. When we are capable of building and testing a highly predictive model of user effectiveness we will be able to do cross system comparisons via a control  , but our current knowledge of user modeling is inadequate. Second  , we have looked at only one measure of predictive performance in our empirical and theoretical work  , and the choice of evaluation criterion is necessarily linked to what we might mean by predictability. However  , we will keep the nested logit terminology since it is more prevalent in the discrete choice literature. However  , parallelization of such models is difficult since many latent variable models require frequent synchronization of their state. Sequential prediction methods use the output of classifiers trained with previous  , overlapping subsequences of items  , assuming some predictive value from adjacent cases  , as in language modeling. Fig.4 shows an example of predictive geometrical information display when an endmill is operated manually by an operator using joysticks which are described later. This approach is similar in nature t o model-predictive-control MPC. In addition  , they offer more flexibility for modeling practical scenarios where the data is very sparse. Smoothed unigram language modeling has been developed to capture the predictive ability of individual words based on their frequency at each reading difficulty level 7. Modeling and feature selection is integrated into the search over the space of database queries generating feature candidates involving complex interactions among objects in a given database. The formal definition of perplexity for a corpus D with D documents is: To evaluate the predictive ability of the models  , we compute perplexity which is a standard measure for estimating the performance of a probabilistic model in language modeling . Our predictive models are based on raw geographic distance How many meters is the ATM from me ? We evaluated each source and combinations of sources based on their predictive value. Specifically  , the predictive models can help in three different ways. The approach taken in this paper suggests a framework for understanding user behavior in terms of demographic features determined through unsupervised modeling. In terms of portability  , vertical balancing may be improved by modeling the similarity in terms of predictive evidence between source verticals. As FData and RData have different feature patterns  , the combination of both result in better performance. These rules were then used to predict the values of the Salary attribute in the test data. Another objective of this research is to discover whether reducing the imbalance in the training data would improve the predictive performance for the 8 modeling methods we have evaluated. For each interface modeled we created a storyboard that contained the frames  , widgets  , and transitions required to do all the tasks  , and then demonstrated the tasks on the storyboard. In addition  , MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 11  , item taxonomy 9 and attributes 1  , social relations 8  , and 3-way interactions 21. This is appropriate in our case because we want the most predictive tree while still modeling cannibalization. Having cost models for all three types of releases  , along with an understanding of the outiler subset of high productivity releases  , would complete the cost modeling area of our study. In particular  , low-rank MF provides a substantial expressive power that allows modeling specific data characteristics such as temporal effects 15  , item taxonomy 6  , and attributes 1. These findings have profound implications for user modeling and personalization applications  , encouraging focus on approaches that can leverage users' browsing behavior as a source of information. Perplexity  , which is widely used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood lower numbers are better. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from data TransC i  for all the individual customer models and compare its performance with the performance of function 1 estimated from the transactional data for the whole customer base. Given the variety of models  , there was a pressing need for an objective comparison of their performance. Preliminary results showed that our topic-based defect prediction has better predictive power than state-of-the-art approaches. A lower score implies that word wji is less surprising to the model and are better. Examining users' geographic foci of attention for different queries is potentially a rich source of data for user modeling and predictive analytics. An important advantage of the statistical modeling approach is the ability to analyze the predictive value of features that are being considered for inclusion in the ranking scheme. A challenge of this approach is the tradeoff between the number of cohorts and the predictive power of cohorts on individuals. Here the appearance function g has to be based only on the image sequences returned from the tele-manipulation system. Manually built models consist mainly of text patterns  , carefully created  , tested and maintained by domain and linguistic experts. These approaches frequently use probabilistic graphical models PGMs for their support for modeling complex relationships under uncertainty. Perplexity is a standard measure used in the language modeling community to assess the predictive power of a model  , is algebraically equivalent to the inverse of the geometric mean per-word likelihood . From the predictive modeling perspective  , homophily or its opposite  , heterophily can be used to build more accurate models of user behavior and social interactions based on multi-modal data. Third  , we develop a clickrate prediction function to leverage the complementary relative strengths of various signals  , by employing a state-of-the-art predictive modeling method  , MART 15  , 16  , 40. l We found a high difference in effectiveness in the use of our systems between two groups of users. Since the core task for any user modeling system is predicting future behavior  , we evaluate the informativeness of different sources of behavioral signal based on their predictive value. Considering the complexity and heterogeneity of our data and the problem  , it is important to use the most suitable and powerful prediction model that are available. Both risks may dramatically affect the classifier performance and can lead to poor prediction accuracy or even in wrong predictive models. For building accurate models  , ignoring instances with missing values leads to inferior model performance 7  , while acquiring complete information for all instances often is prohibitively expensive or unnecessary. We also demonstrate the further improvement of UCM over URM  , due to UCM's more appropriate modeling of the retweet structure. Compounding the lack of clarity in the claims themselves is an absence of a consistent and rigorous evaluation framework . In doing this  , we hope to exploit the strength of machine learning to quantify the improvement of the proposed features. Sheridan differentiates between two types: those which use a time series extrapolation for prediction  , and those which do system modeling also including the multidimensional control input2. Table 2shows the results of the perplexity comparison. There has been a great deal of research on inductive transfer under many names  , e.g. The goal is to build models that can be used to generate behaviors that are interactive in the sense of being coordinated with a human partner. Thus although we anticipate that our qualitative results will prove robust to our specific modeling assumptions  , the relationship between model complexity and best-case predictive performance remains an interesting open question. Such an approach can generate a more comprehensive understanding of users and their pref- erences 57  , 48  , 46. Finally  , modeling relational data as it persists or changes across time is an important challenge. One key advantage of SJASM is that it can discover the underlying sentimental aspects which are predictive of the review helpfulness voting. Mark has been a co-organizer of two TREC tracks  , a co-organizer of the SIGIR 2013 workshop on modeling user behavior for information retrieval evaluation MUBE and the SIGIR 2010 workshop on the simulation of interaction. Content features are not predictive perhaps due to 1 citation bias  , 2 paper quality is covered by authors/venues  , or 3 insufficient content modeling. One important application of predictive modeling is to correctly identify the characteristics of different health issues by understanding the patient data found in EHR 6. In this paper  , predictive modeling and analyses have been conducted at two different levels of granularity. More specifically  , we compare predictive accuracy of function 1 estimated from the transactional data TransC i  for the segmentation level models  , and compare its performance with the performance results obtained in Section 4. On the other hand  , it is also misleading to imply that even if extreme events such as financial crises and societal revolutions cannot be predicted with any useful accuracy 54  , predictive modeling is counterproductive in general. A statistical approach is proposed to infer the distribution of a word's likely acquisition age automatically from authentic texts collected from the Web  , and then an effective semantic component for predicting reading difficulty of news texts is provided by combining the acquisition age distributions for all words in a document 14. Pain is a very common problem experienced by patients  , especially at the end of life EOL when comfort is paramount to high quality healthcare. Moreover  , these bounds on predictive performance are also extremely sensitive to the deviations from perfect knowledge we are likely to encounter when modeling real-world systems: even a relatively small amount of error in estimating a product's quality leads to a rapid decrease in one's ability to predict its success. It should be noted that the key contribution of this work is more about extracting the important features and understanding the domain by providing novel insights  , but not necessarily about building a new predictive modeling algo- rithm. Item seed sets were constructed according to various criteria such as popularity items should be known to the users  , contention items should be indicative of users' tendencies  , and coverage items should possess predictive power on other items. However  , our goal here is different as we do not just want to make our predictions based on some large number of features but are instead interested in modeling how the temporal dynamics of bidding behavior predicts the loan outcome funded vs. not funded and paid vs. not paid. The most relevant related work is on modeling predictive factors on social media for various other issues such as tie formation Golder and Yardi 2010   , tie break-up Kivran- Swaine  , Govindan  , and Naaman 2011  , tie strength Gilbert and Karahalios 2009 and retweeting Suh et al. In other words  , we aggregate the past behavior in the two modalities considered search queries and browsing behavior over a given time period  , and evaluate the predictiveness of the resulting aggregated user profile with respect to behavior occurring in a  sequent period. ranging from the macroscopic level -paper foLding or gift wrapping -to the microscopic level -protein folding. The folding problems  , especially protein folding  , have a few notable differences from usual PRM applications. Many problems related to the folding and unfolding of polyhedral objects have recently attracted the attention of the computational geometry community 25. Also  , folding can be simulated by calculating the parabolic motion of each joint. Each self-folding sheet was baked in an oven. In order to accomplish all four  , we needed a new self-folding method based on activation from a localized and independent stimulus. For example  , for the paper folding problems  , one is interested in a path which makes a minimal number of folds  , and for the protein folding we are interested in low energy paths. In the Smartpainter project the painting motion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion in 2D and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions follow this folding of surfaces 3  , 91. In case of the paper material the folding edge flips back to its initial position. We posit a modification scenario in which a developer is asked to modify the folding behaviour to automatically expand every nested level of folding when a user clicks on the fold marker. In computational biology  , one of the most impor­ tant outstanding problems is protein folding  , i.e. Thc formation order of secondary structures is related to a undamt:ntal question in protein folding: do secondary struc­ tures always form before the tertiary structure  , or is tertiary structure formed in a one-stage transition ? Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. I Some statistics regarding the roadmaps constructed for the paper folding problems are shown in Table 1. I. Node generation. Our previous work on creating self-folding devices controlling its actuators with an internal control system is described in 3. Since the design and folding steps are automated  , these steps were finished in less than 7 minutes Tab. This paper builds on prior work in self-folding  , computational origami and modular robots. First  , as our problems are not posed in an environment containing external obstacles  , the only collision constraint we impose is that our configurations be self-collision free  , and  , for the protein folding problem  , our preference for low energy con­ formations leads to an additional constraint on the feasible conformations. This paper presents a novel technique for self-folding that utilizes shape memory polymers  , resistive circuits  , and structural design features to achieve these requirements and create two­ dimensional composites capable of self-folding into three­ dimensional devices. The first step for the developer is to identify a few elements that could be related to the implementation of the folding feature. From these examples  , and considering the range of struc­ tures we are interested in creating  , we identify four principle requirements for a viable self-folding method: I sequential folding  , II angle-controlled folds  , III slot-and-tab assem­ bly  , and IV mountain-valley folding. Each self-folding hinge must be approximately 10 mm long or folding will not occur  , limiting the total minimum size of the mechanism. The painting mot ,ion was generated by virtually folding out the surfaces to be painted  , putting on the painting motion and folding back the surfaces and letting the painting motions following this folding of surfaces 2  , 81. we conclude that folding the facets panel is neither necessarily beneficial nor detrimental. The most time consuming step of the experimental design and fabrication of self-folding structures was the physical construction of the self-folding sheets. We introduced a design pipeline which automatically generates folding information  , then compiles this information into fabrication files. Some statistics regarding the road maps con­ structed for the protein folding problems are shown in Ta­ hIe 2. Folding: Classes of data are folded in the case of symbolic testing. All shapes folded themselves in under 7 minutes. In this paper we have demonstrated a novel technique for self-folding using shape-memory polymers and resistive heating that is capable of several fabrication features: sequen­ tial folding  , angle-controlled folds  , slot-and-tab assembly  , and mountain-valley folding. However   , this strategy is only applicable when 3D models of the objects are available and the curvature of the objects is relatively small. In formal program verification one usually avoids explicitly constructing representations of program states. 11shows the simulation results of the dynamic folding using the robot motion obtained in the inverse problem. We used an inchworm robot to validate these techniques  , which transformed itself from a two-dimensional composite to a three-dimensional function­ ing device via the application of current  , a manual rotation  , and the addition of a battery and servo. In this section  , we show the simulation results of the dynamic folding. A self-folding sheet is defined as a crease pattern composed of cuts and folding edges hinges as shown in Fig 3. A shape memory polymer SMP actuator is located along each folding edge of the sheet  , and its fold angle is encoded by the geometry of the rigid material located at the edge. In techniques based on program texts  , or information derived from program texts such aa flowgraphs  , the degree of folding will generally be determined by the class of model. In order to extract the motions required for performing dynamic folding of the cloth  , we first analyze the dynamic folding performed by a human subject. Some common or often proposed initial transformations are: lookalike transformations  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , case folding  , word stemming  , stop words list  , feature selection 3. For instance  , many techniques model control flow and omit data  , thus folding together program states which differ only in variable values. The velocity sensor is composed of two separate components: a sensing layer containing the loop of copper in which voltage is induced and a support layer that wraps around the sensing layer after folding to restrict the sensor's movement to one degree of freedom. The results for the protein folding examples are also very interesting. In folding simulations  , similar structures between proteins could be indicative of a common folding pathway. 8there is a distinguishable difference between nominal and tip folding in the final phase of insertion d3 < d < d4. In order to demonstrate self-folding  , a design was chosen that incorporates the four requirements listed above: the inchworm robot shown in Fig. We case-fold in our experiments. If there are still mul­ tiple connected components in the roadmap after this stage other techniques will be applied to try to connect different connected components see 2 for details. Other ongoing research aimed at applying PCRs to ligand-protein binding and protein folding is reported in BSAOO  , SAOU. There are s ti ll many interesting problems involving folding of tree­ like linkages. The final 3D configuration is achieved by folding the right hand side shown in Fig. To demonstrate these techniques  , we describe the development of the inchworm robot shown in Fig. Discussed in our 2005 spam track report 2 and CRM114's notes 4   , it would be far better if the learning machine itself either made these transformations automatically or used all the features. 3 Information hiding/unhiding by folding tree branches. We are planning to study a game-like interface for structurization. In order to achieve local and sequential folding  , we required a way to activate the PSPS with a local stimulus. the white LED used in the lamp were manually soldered to the composite prior to folding. 12  , the dynamic folding is shown as a continuous sequence of pictures taken at intervals of 57 ms. V. EXPERIMENT In Fig. University faculty lists form the seeds for such a crawl. Lemma 2 shows this crease pattern is correct. Videos of our autonomous folding runs are available at the URL provided in the introduction. In this paper  , we explored and analyzed an end-to-end approach to making self-folding sheets activated by uniformheat . Collingbourne et al. Applications include the folding of robot arms in space when some of the actuators fail. Our approach is based on the successful probabilistic roadmap PRM motion planning method 17. In this paper  , we focus on validating our folding pathways by comparing the order in which the secondary strueturcs form in our paths with results for some small proleins lhat have been deler­ mined by pulse labeling and native state out-exchange ex­ periments 22. For the protein folding pathways found by our PRM frame­ work to be useful  , we must find some way to validate them with known results. For example  , 8 shows that cvery polyhedron can be 'wrapped' by folding a strip of paper around it  , which ad­ dresses a question arising in three-dimensional origami  , e.g. While most of the folding simulations to date have been relatively small  , focusing on runs of short  , engineered proteins  , large-scale simulations such as Folding@Home 13 have come online and are expected to generate a tremendous amount of data. In our experiments  , we used folding-in with 20 EM iterations to map a document in test data to its corresponding topic vector . Case-folding overcomes differences between terms by representing all terms uniformly in a single case. Folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not analyzed in this paper. Also  , the elastic foot has folding sections in front and back relative to the leg. With a simple and fast heuristic we determine the language of the document: we assume the document to be in the language in which it contains the most stopwords. For token normalization  , stateof-the-art Information Retrieval techniques such as case folding and word segmentation can be applied 18. While an ideal cut would result in the same roughness on both sides  , occurrences of bunching  , folding  , tearing  , and debris generation can result in complementary edges with very different cut qualities. Thus there could be an improvement not only in the dynamics of the structure  , but in the construction by utilizing these composite materials. During foot removal  , the folding portions of the foot snap back into position shortly after leaving the water. The self-folding devices in this paper were all fabricated using methods consistent with those published in Felton et al. As can be seen  , in both cases the problems were solved rather quickly with relatively small roadmaps. Snapshots of the folding paths found are shown in Fig­ ures 1 and 3 for the box and the periscope  , respectively. In the future  , we expect to further study more efficient motions of the fingers  , possibly in parallel  , to fold knots. In future cost reductions could be a motivation t o build robots with fewer actuators than joints and replacing actuators with holding brakes. The former plays a part in folding the fingers and the latter plays a part in stretching the fingers. Indri uses a document-distributed retrieval model when operating on a cluster. Protein Folding. The two objects in the tank are a triangular prism  , made by folding aluminum sheets  , and an aluminum cylinder with thick walls. For the ellipse feet  , the front to back orientation provided far greater lift than the side to side orientation  , shown in Fig. A set of weighted features constitutes a high-dimensional vector  , with one dimension per unique feature in all documents taken together. Mean values and first and third quartiles are given in Figure 4for both ambiguous and non ambiguous topics. Also investigations will be made in making the gluing and folding steps easier as the structures are made smaller. The operation of a packaging machine can be divided into three independent sub tasks: folding  , ing  , and sealing. To answer our research question " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " Maxmin on the other hand discards this original ranking and aims for maximal visual diversity of the representatives. We omit queries issued by clicking on the next link and use only first page requests 10 . Gaming interfaces already worked well in different areas  , such as OCR error correction and protein folding 30. The remaining pd-graphs are obtained by subsequent folding of paths GSe5G5  , G53e4e3G2  , G4ezGz53  , and GlelG4253. By replacing T containing crease information cut or hinge to T containing desired angle information  , Alg. Berry and Fierro 2 therefore proposed a technique of 'folding-in' by slightly warping the space around the new data  , which can be done relatively efficiently. The problem of capturing functional landscapes over complex spaces is one of general interest. Mean  , first and third quartile performance is given in Figure 6   , while Table 1 presents the performance averaged over all topics. A variety of transformations may be employed  , including function folding and unfolding  , data type refinement  , and optimizing transformations. We are currently working on folding in our classifier module into a web-scale crawler. The shaded areas indicate the keyphrases that would be extracted using the default settings of each model. A fourth layer is used to locally activate the contractile component  , enabling sequential and simultaneous folding. We used joule heating from resistive circuit traces because as wide as possible to reduce resistance  , preventing unintended heating. In this section  , we explain a cloth deformation model that takes advantage of high-speed motion. In this simulation  , folding of the cloth by the inertial force is not considered. As a consequence  , dynamic folding cannot be realized. There is also a great potential for motion planning in drug-design  , where it is used to study the folding of complex protein molecules  , see Song and Amato 141. e.g. The types of actuator design of self-folding sheets are determined by a selected actuator design function in Sec. The present paper extends this concept  , provides new results for ligand-protein binding  , and explores the application of PCRs to protein folding. This creates a small upward spike in force with a very short duration. Phrases in bold are those that Kea extracted that are equivalent to author keyphrases after case-folding and stemming. Their tablet readers do not demonstrate similar behaviors  , as they are not available in the interface 18 . The Lemur utility BuildBasicIndex was used to construct Lemur index files  , which we then converted to document vectors in BBR's format. In this experiment  , the robot motion obtained by the simulation is implemented. We therefore utilized a manually folded 24-winding copper-based origami coil with the same folding geometry pattern as Fig. We now describe results on paper folding and protein fold­ ing problems obtained using our PRM-based approach. In attitude control loops of spacecrafts with CMGs  , the Jacobian maps gimbal rates to components of torque 1. For example  , the image in Figure 1b of a three-page fold-out exhibits distortion from both folding and binder curl. As to tokenization  , we removed HTMLtags   , punctuation marks  , applied case-folding  , and mapped marked characters into the unmarked tokens. This set allows to move from one situation to another by folding or unfolding the parts of tlle semantic graph. In the parabolic motion calculation  , the velocity of each joint at the moment that the robot stops is considered as the initial condition. A perfect success rate of 100% was achieved on the 50 end-to-end trials of previously untested towels. We combined MPF and a heat-sensitive shrinking film to self-fold structures by applying global heat. For these applications  , different criteria are used to judge the validity of nodes and edges. All three of these tasks differ from RMS operations  , in that they only provide a single view of the workspace. It appears that the facets were heavily used during searching in both versions of the search interface. In the base experimental data set described above  , no attribute values were missing. The projection facility is implemented like code folding in modern development environments  , in which bodies of methods or comments can be folded and unfolded on request. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing representations of documents that were not contained in the original training collection . Inverse kinematics can be also linked to other areas  , for example spacecraft control with control moment gyros CMG  , animation   , protein folding. The problem of folding and unfolding is an interesting research topic and has been studied in several application do­ mains. Neverthcless  , we show that these additional factors can be dealt with in a reasonable fashion within the PRM framework. So far our examples have demonstrated the folding capability of CSN. This similarity may include the primary sequence over 20 basic amino acids  , or the local folding patterns in the secondary sequence alphabet of size three: α-helix  , β-sheet  , or loop  , or a combination of the two. The abduction angle characterizes the angle of the finger in the palm's plane  , whereas the flexion angle corresponds to the folding of the finger in the plane perpendicular to the palm. The protein folding problem has a complication in that the way in which the protein folds depends on factors other than the purely geometrical con­ straints which govern the polygonal problems. Fold " flattens " tables by converting one row into multiple rows  , folding a set of columns together into one column and replicating the rest. One of these is the ability to narrow or broaden focus  , which readers of magazines accomplish by folding or reorienting the paper. In this work  , the attachment of fine muscles such as ligament  , interosseus  , lumbricalis  , and so on is not considered since it is very difficult to make it artificially. In addition  , the friction loss is very small due to no wire folding at each joint. Therefore  , there are no differences in drive characteristics hetween vertical and horizontal directions   , and so this new joint system provides smoother drive compared with the active universal joint described in our previous reports. Gates' vision of " robots in every home " includes a Roomba  , a laundry-folding robot  , and a mobile assistive robot within the home  , with security and lawn-mowing robots outside 1. A set of sufficient conditions for showing that a folding preserves violations of specifications expressed in propositional temporal logic are given in YouSS. They have applied this method to verify the correct sequencing of P  , V operations in an operating system. The revised taxonomy reveals that  , while both techniques employ some folding  , one folds the state space further to allow exhaustive enumeration of program behaviors  , and the other visits only a sample of the complete space of possible states. Folding-in refers to the problem of computing a representation for a document or query that was not contained in the original training collection. When the user releases the mouse from their dragging operation   , the selected action Firstname folding in this case is applied  , and any items that are now identical in name are moved next to one another. We have also applied C-PRM to several problems arising in computational Biology and Chemistry such as ligand binding and protein folding. Field studies of robots in educational facilities have used multiple Qrio humanoids along with the Rubi platform 2. In cooperation with BookCrossing   , we mailed all eligible users via the community mailing system  , asking them to participate in our online study. When the developer requests a feature to be hidden  , CIDE just leaves a marker to indicate hidden code. Consequently  , an action in the state-based model will correspond to multiple concrete-class events in the traces. – WSML Text Editor: Until recently ontology engineers using the WSMO paradigm would create there WSMO descriptions by hand in a text editor. The merging of these identical items does not occur at this point as there are cases where it makes sense to apply further transformation. In the case that the towel is originally held by a long side  , the table is used to spread out and regrasp the towel in the short side configuration  , from which point folding proceeds as if the short side had been held originally. Each finger but the thumb is assumed to be a planar manipulator. The pro­ posed method for graph folding is one of the solutions allowed by the general concept of state safety testing. Feet with folding components on either side which collapsed during retraction experienced a smaller pull out force than similar feet with collapsing components on the front and back. 19  Israel is deploying stationary robotic gun-sensor platforms along its borders with Gaza in automated kill zones  , equipped with fifty caliber machine guns and armored folding shields. In fact  , since a protein's sequence is static throughout the course of the simulation  , it is not possible to use a sequence-based representation in such settings. Major software vendors have exploited the Internet explosion  , integrating web-page creation features into their popular and commonly used products to increase their perceived relevance. Howard and Alexander 4 suggested that proper sequencing of critical operations in a program can be verified by folding the "state graph" of the program into a given "prototype." It is only recently  , for example  , that IBM announced plans to build the world's fastest supercomputer — Blue Gene — which will attempt to compute the three-dimensional folding of human protein molecules. On the other hand  , folding in other sources such as affiliation or the venue information are likely to yield more accurate rankings. For instance  , a paper published in JCDL might be treated as more indicative of expertise if the query topic is digital libraries than some other conference venues. The development of sensors that utilize self-folding manufacturing techniques and their integration into more complex structures is an important stepping stone in the path towards autonomously assembling machines and robots. Furthermore  , the orthogonality in the reduced k-dimensional basis for the column or row space of A depending on inserting terms or documents is corrupted causing deteriorating effects on the new representation. In this way  , we can represent a DTD or Schema structure as a set of parallel trees  , which closely resemble DTD/Schema syntax  , with links connecting some leaves with some roots  , in a graph-like manner. By using joints which can only fold in one direction  , theoretically  , feet would slap and stroke in a flat formation  , fold during retraction  , and avoid accidentally collapsing the cavity. Such a foot would in fact be more like the basilisk lizard than the standard flat circle used in the previous water runner studies. In that case  , the non-folding  , circular feet were unfairly punished in terms of lift due to the stationary nature of the test setup. Future test rigs may allow forward motion  , or may flow water past a stationary system to simulate forward movement of the water runner. Our main research question is " Is folding the facets panel in a digital library search interface beneficial to academic users ? " However  , note the empty big circles and squares representing the other short queries in the left and right corners of the simplex in figure 1a  , where the tempered EM could not help. In these techniques  , the state space is considerably simplified by comparison to actual program execution  , but may still be too large to exhaustively enumerat ,e. Additional folding of implementation details may occur in simulations based executable specifications such as Petri nets or PATSley ZSSS. jEdit's folding feature allows users to hide portions of text by collapsing them into single lines with a visual cue representing the fold and allowing users to expand it. More importantly  , the improvement of our system more and more depends on the details  , such as word segmentation  , HTML deobfuscation  , MIME normalization  , character set folding  , etc. The idea was to circulate electrically connected tiles around the structure and to manually short the circuit  , thereby changing reducing the resistance in steps four steps in this case. The proofs are constructive and give explicit finger placements and folding motions. Mounted midway in the water column  , the sensor scans horizontally such that the scene can be safely approximated as two dimensional. In particular  , while motion planning does have the ability to answer questions about the reacha­ bility of certain goal states from other states  , its primary ob­ jective is to in fact determine the motions required to reach the goal. Many widely used tests such as the Cube Comparisons test mental rotation  , Paper Folding test spatial visualization  , and Spatial Orientation test can be found in the Kit of Factor-Referenced Cognitive Tests ETS  , Princeton  , NJ 6. We disabled constant folding in LLVM because our test cases use concrete constants for the optimizations that use dataflow analyses as described in Section 4. We use the unstable branch of Z3 9  , which has better support for quantifiers  , for checking the constraints generated during cycle detection  , type checking  , and test-case generation. In this example the developer does not have access to information from previous tasks or other developers   , so a new concern is created in ConcernMapper. When no positional information is being recorded  , case folding or the removal of stop words would achieve only small savings  , since record-level inverted file entries for common words are represented very compactly in our coding methods. To simplify our experiments  , we dropped the document segments that were in the gold standard but were not in the ranked list of selected retrieved segments although we could have kept them by folding them into the LSA spaces. We provided the goal conformations heforehand  , and then searched in the roadmap for the minimum weight path connecting the extended amino acid chain to the final three­ dimensional structure. A finite supply of electrodes resulted in a relatively sparse set of data 87 samples and offers two distinct ways to analyze the data. The target edge is also identified in the image and the relative distance between the two edges is calculated. This could possibly involve using another layer of patterned SU-8 for the glue to eliminate the application by hand which risks glue in the flexure joints. It is difficult to characterize the acceleration of the incremental updates by a multiplicative factor  , as it is clearly a different shape than the standard curves. By folding constraints at join points and using memoization techniques for procedures  , we are able to successfully apply our approach to large software systems. However  , when in the collapsed state  , clicking the fold marker will only expand one level of folding i.e. Before the searches  , each participant filled out a questionnaire to determine age  , education  , gender and computer experience  , and two psychometric testslO  , a test of verbal fluency Controlled Associations  , test FA-1 and a test for structural visualization Paper Folding  , test VZ-2. The ability to extract names of organizations  , people  , locations  , dates and times i.e. " The end result will be the automated generation of the following descriptors for video: Speakers by folding in speaker recognition systems working from the audio to cluster speeches by the same person   , affording a natural and powerful way of smoothing the distributions. The capacitive contact sensor successfully detected the touch of a human finger and demonstrates the potential to measure applied force. However  , there are geometric constraints such as a minimum width of the links in order provide sufficient torque from the SMP to actuate self-folding of such devices. It is necessary to design a motion planning method in order to execute these elements. By choosing 'download' from the top-left menu see Figure 5  , the data of the formation are broadcast to the robots in the simulator and they begin re-arranging themselves to establish the new formation. gripper mechanism was developed as an endeffector because gripper mechanisms are used very often in laparoscopic surgery. Four experimental urban courses similar in difficulty were created from differently-sized boxes. Although this is a rather obvious result  , it may provide some insight into the more complicated case in which all the links are obstructed. The criteria for specifying similarity are often approximate and the desired output is usually an ordered list of results. None of the subjects had previously participated in any TREC experiment. Folding intermediates have been an active research area over the last few years. Since these types of actuators are activated by uniform external energy sources  , a sheet containing these actuators does not require an internal control system. Each edge in the original crease structure is thus mapped to a new crease structure capable of folding into the desired angle. As the folding angle approaches 180    , the density reaches its maximum value and the magnetic field increases for a given current. When a simultaneous pattern of movement is reversed the projected trajectories in the relevant phase planes fold over. Folding the overhand knot involves an operation to insert one of the links on the end through a triangle formed by other links  , which in this case has a limited size. The paper presents a new approach to modeling a ve­ hicle system that can be viewed as a further develop­ ment of predicate/transition Petri neLs  , in which the underlying graph is undirected and tokens have a di­ rection attribute. Recent advances in X-ray crystallography and NMR imaging have made it possible to elucidate the folded conformations of a rapidly increasing number of proteins  , However  , little is known today about the folding pathways that transform an extended string of amino acids into a compact and stable structure. This result is in agreement with 27 albeit we perform this comparison on a much higher number of datasets. Along non-heating portions  , the trace width was made as wide as possible under geometric constraints in order to minimize unwanted heating and deformation. In this case  , since the shoulder line was almost vertical and did not give any clues on the tangent direction of the part  , the direction of the grip coordinates determined from the model shape was used as it was. After baking  , we measured the fold angle of each self-folded actuator. Therefore  , we could study i the intermediate or transition states on the pathway  , and the order in which they are ob­ tained  , or Cii the formation order of secondary structures. So far It has only been possible to identifY approximate intermediate confoTI11ations for few proteins. On the other hand  , reciprocal election significantly outperforms the other methods in terms of variation of information  , a more general performance measure. For example   , an optimizer might include constant folding  , common subexpression elimination  , dead code elimination   , loop invariant code motion  , and inline expansion of procedure calls. The next steps will include the development of a folding mechanism for the wings and the integration of a terrestrial locomotion mode e.g. The goal of this step is to take the 2D crease structure and the fold angles of a mesh as input and generate a crease structure that will self-fold the desired angles. To characterize the fold angle as a function of the actuator geometry  , we built eight self-folding strips with gaps on the inner layer in the range of 0.25mm–2mm  , and baked them at 170  C. Each strip has three actuators with the identical gap dimensions. The lamp was fabricated in the same manner as the switch  , but with a different fold pattern and shape. Motion planning is a very challenging problem that involves complicated physical constraints and high-dimensional configuration spaces. The con­ figuration of the ligand in the binding site has low potential energy  , and so the usual PRM feasibility test collision is replaced by a test for low potential energy. Some common preferences include large clearance  , small rotation  , low curvature smoothness  , few sharp corners  , avoiding singularities for manipulators  , or low potential energies Tor ligand binding and protein folding see Table 2. Because of our multilingual reader population  , we are considering " folding " accented and nonaccented characters together in search queries. However when more and more data have to be added  , the error accumulates to undesirable proportions. In addition  , elliptical feet with the major axis aligned side to side experienced a much greater pull out force than a similar foot with major axis aligned front to back. All feet with directionally compliant flaps which collapse during retraction performed better than feet which in no way collapsed during retraction. On the other hand  , the participant with a losing hand would try to bet in a way that the other players would assume otherwise and raise the bet taking high risks. Code fragments are hidden if they do not belong to the selected feature set the developer has selected as relevant for a task. Quick navigation of traditional search engine results lets users overcome the inaccuracies inherent in automated search because user's can quickly check the links and choose those that match. Note that search engine operations such as stemming and case-folding may preclude highlighting by re-scanning the retrieved documents for the search terms. Indeed  , it can he argued that the PRM framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these prohlems had never before heen considered candidates for automatic methods. Future work will attempt to quantify and maximize the capabilities of this technique  , in particular by testing new materials. However  , when positional information is added the inverted file entries for common words become dramatically larger. After the folding  , path T becomes undirected  , hence any of the remaining paths forms a cycle with END Note that in the case when two nodes are connected by more than one path  , it is sufficient to fold only one of them  , say path T   , for transforming the whole subgraph into a chained component. Therefore  , a poker player with a winning hand would try to bet carefully to keep the pot growing and at the same time keep the opponent from folding early. Although it is currently only used in a remote controlled manner  , an IDF division commander is quoted as saying " At least in the initial phases of deployment  , we're going to have to keep a man in the loop "   , implying the potential for more autonomous operations in the future. This system  , presented in detail in 9  , uses a two-jaw gripper with forceltorque sensing for handling flat textile material. Among the perspective-taking tests are the Perspective-Taking Ability PTA Test  , a computer-based test developed from the work described in 10  , and the Purdue Spatial Visualizations test: Visualization of Views PSVV  , a paper-and pencil test found in 8. Instead of folding the known answer into the query in cases like this  , we allow the question answering system's regular procedure to generate a set of candidate answers first  , and check them to be within some experimentally determined range of the answer the knowledge source provides. In particular  , obtaining the desired cloth configuration is a key element to the success of this task. 6 Similarly to the concerns raised in the context of external rewards and incentivisation 18  , gamification has been seen  , in some context  , to undermine intrinsic benefits by subjugating and trivialising contributions into simple game goals and achievements. Thus  , the key elements are terms w taken from a vocabulary V R of observed words in the literal values of RDF statements in R. To obtain realistic indices we apply common techniques from the field of Information Retrieval  , such as case folding and stemming. Figure 9shows the tape edge roughness for both the left and right sides of the tape  , indicating that the roughness on each side of the tape are generally similar to one another  , though in some cases the left side underneath the cutter is much rougher than the corresponding right side. As queries we assume single term queries  , which form the basis for more complex and combined queries in a typical Information Retrieval setting. Owing to its simple structure  , the diameter is successfully reduced to 10 mm  , which is sufficiently small for laparoscopic surgery. The edges of the perimeter of the material are extracted  , the folding edge is identified and its X ,Y ,Z co-ordinates in the robot's base co-ordinate system are calculated. Second  , in PRM applications  , it is usually considered sufficient to find any feasible path connecting the start and goal. This work investigates the effect of the following techniques in reducing HTML document size  , both individually and in combination:  general tidying-up of document  , removal of proprietary tags  , folding of whitespace; Because the HTML under consideration is automatically generated and fits the DTD  , the parser need not be able to handle incorrect HTML; it can be much less robust than the parsers used by web browsers. Limitations of this system are as follows: i Edge pick up results in fabric distortion during pick up  , ii Errors may result due to unpredictable behavior of material due to ambient and material dynamics  , and  , iii The weight of material and its stiffness and friction values play an important role in defining the trajectory during 'laying by dragging' and folding operations. Ultimately we used 92 bilingual aspects from 33 topics  , including 3 Chinese aspects that could only be used as training data for English aspect classification because each of them had only 4 segments. More generally  , the models provide insight regarding the effects of various design parameters on jump gliding performance -for example  , to explore the merits of a more complex wing folding mechanism that reduces drag at the expense of greater weight  , or to evaluate the improvement possible with a reduced body area. On this occasion we are interested in the author Schön  , Donald A. and—due to the nature of the errors that occur—this time we will need to combine a sequence of name folding Figure 6shows the sequence of transforms the user makes  , with Fig- ure 6ashowing the initial names produced by I-Share. Typical full-text indexing e.g. For the same mass  , we could use either a 30pm thick cantilever   , 1 mm wide  , with cross-sectional moment of Figure 6  , the 4 bar mechanism including box beam links and flexural joints can be fabricated by folding a sheet of photo-etched or laser cut stainless steel. In the robot conditi phic robot EDDIE  , LSR  , TU München were presen robot face developed to express emotions and thus atures relevant for emotional expressiveness big ey with additional animal-like characteristics folding omb on top of its head as well as lizard-like ears on es  , these features were not used: the robot had an invaria he comb and ears folded almost not visible. The output tree from the second phase is passed to the constant folding phase which replaces all identifiers and expressions that can be guaranteed to contain constant values with those values. The sensing structure consisted of  , from top to bottom  , an SMP layer  , a heating circuit layer  , two layers of paper  , and a sensing copper-clad polyimide layer which contained the loop where voltage was measured Fig. Moreover  , the fiction loss is very small due to the direct wire insertion from each unit to the ann  , which requires no wire folding  , and also the number of degrees of freedom can be easily increased thanks to the unit-type structure. Research interests in this problem have been further fueled by the insight that the robot motion planning problem shares much similarity with and can serve as a model of diverse physical geometry problems such as mechanical system disassembly  , computer animation  , protein folding  , ligand docking and surgery planning. The rst two factors have been selected as the ones with the highest probablity to generate the word ight"  , the last two factors have the highest probability to generate the word love". Indeed  , it can be argued that the P R M framework was instrumental in this broadening of the range of applicability of motion planning  , as many of these problems had never before been considered candidates for automatic methods. The s ,pecification of the optimizer example includes the definition of two tree types: initial representing the abstract syntax of the source language with no embedded attributes on any abstract syntax tree node  , and live representing the abstract syntax of the source language with live on exit facts embedded in do state- ments. Animation also ensures that the current state of the entity is being mapped  , which is an essential property for software evolution. Modern maps provide magnified inse$ zooming to show needed detail in small  , critical regions  , thus allowing the main map to be rendered at a smaller scale; they provide indexes of special entities e.g. The remainder of the paper is organized as follows: Section 2 reviews the existing stateof-the-art technology in limp material handling. Section 4 defines CyCLaDEs model. CyCLaDEs source code is available at: https://github.com/pfolz/cyclades 3 . If the structure exceeds w entries  , then CyCLaDEs removes the entry with the oldest timestamp. The setup environment is composed of an LDF server  , a reverse proxy and different number of clients. More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. Section 3 describes the general approach of CyCLaDEs. Section 5 reports our experimental results. Figure 3b describes the results obtained with CyCLaDEs activated. Figure 5 shows that performances of CyCLaDEs are quite similar. The main contributions of the paper are: More precisely  , CyCLaDEs builds a behavioral decentralized cache based on Triple-Pattern Fragments TPF. We extended the LDF client 2 with the CyCLaDEs model presented in Sect. Each single user  , and each community of users  , can dynamically activate its own/shared working space. The current release of the CYCLADES system does not fully exploit the potentiality of the CS since it uses the CS only as a means to construct virtual information spaces that are semantically meaningful from some community's perspective. The requirements of both these systems highlighted the need for a virtual organization of the information space. The CYCLADES information space is thus potentially very large and heterogeneous. In particular  , in these experiments we generated randomly 200 collections using Dublin Core fields. Figure 3 shows a measure of this improvement. Finally  , Section 5 describes our future plans. Figure 3apresents results of the LDF clients without CyCLaDEs. This cache is hosted by clients and completes the traditional HTTP temporal cache hosted by data providers. In this section we exemplify what we have described so far by presenting two concrete applications in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET systems. In CyCLaDEs  , we want to apply the general approach of Behave for LDF clients. Otherwise  , CyCLaDEs just insert a new entry in the profile. Figure 7shows clearly that CyCLaDEs is able to build two clusters for both values of profile size. In particular  , it has been possible to: -simply organize the different user communities  , allowing for the different access rights. CYCLADES provides a suite of tools for personalizing information access and collaboration but is not targeted towards education or the uniqueness of accessing and manipulating geospatial and georeferenced content. Section 4 illustrates how this logical architecture has been implemented in the CYCLADES and SCHOLNET DL systems and the advantages that the introduction of this service has brought to the their functionality. Moreover  , the list of ISs specified in the RC can be exploited by the CYCLADES search and browse services to improve their performance. Behavior cache reduces calls to an LDF server  , especially  , when the server hosts multiple datasets  , the HTTP cache could handle frequent queries on a dataset but cannot absorb all calls. CyCLaDEs aims at discovering and connecting dynamically LDF clients according to their behaviors. The CYCLADES system users do not know anything about the provenance of the underlying content. They create their own collections by simply giving a MC that characterizes their information needs and do not provide any indication about which are the ISs that store these documents. Services such as search and browse are activated on the restricted information space described by the collection  , but this is the only customization option. Despite this partial exploitation of the potential of the CS in providing virtual views of the DL  , its introduction has brought a number of other important advantages to the CYCLADES users. CYCLADES includes a recommender system that is able to recommend a collection to a user on the basis of his own profile and the collection content  , so all resources belonging to a collection are discovered together. foundation for more informed statements about the issues critical to the success of our field. For example  , Smeaton and Callan 29 describe the characteristics of personalization  , recommendation  , and social aspects in next generation digital libraries  , while 1  , 26 describe an implementation of personalized recommender services in the CYCLADES digital library environment. In this paper  , we propose CyCLaDEs an approach that allows to build a behavioral decentralized cache hosted by LDF clients. In this paper  , we presented CyCLaDEs  , a behavioral decentralized cache for LDF clients. By reducing the information space to a meaningful subset  , the collections play the role of a partitioning query as described in 10  , i. e. they define a " searchable " subset of the documents which is likely to contain the desired ones. The SCHOLNET CS provides  , in addition to the advantages that have been discussed for CYCLADES a number of other specific advantages that derive from the combination of the collection notion with the specific SCHOLNET functionality. We consider the CS we described in this paper as a first prototype of a more general " mediator infrastructure service " that can be used by the other DL services to efficiently and effectively implement a dynamic set of virtual libraries that match the user expectations upon the concrete heterogeneous information sources and services. ADEPT supports the creation of personalized digital libraries of geospatial information  " learning spaces "  but owns its resources unlike in G-Portal where the development of the collection depends mainly on users' contributions as well as on the discovery and acquisition of external resources such as geography-related Web sites. CYCLADES 3 is an OAI 6 service provider that implements an open collaborative virtual archive service environment supporting both single scholars as well as scholarly communities in carrying out their work. The Collection Service described here has been experimented so far in two DL systems funded by the V Framework Programme  , CYCLADES IST-2000-25456 and SCHOLNET IST-1999-20664  , but it is quite general and can be applied to many other component-based DL architectural frameworks. Suppose we have the variational distribution: Therefore  , we carry out variational EM. However  , this approach utilizes our proposed inference correction during each round of variational inference. Variational EM alternates between updating the expectations of the variational distribution q and maximizing the probability of the parameters given the " observed " expected counts. For evaluation purposes the accuracy of predicted location is used. investigate how to perform variational EM for the application of learning text topics 33. MaxEntInf Pseudolikelihood EM PL-EM MaxEntInf : This is our proposed semi-supervised relational EM method that uses pseudolikelihood combined with the MaxEntInf approach to correct for relational biases. To maximize with respect to each variational parameter  , we take derivatives with respect to it and set it to zero. As with PL-EM Naive  , this method utilizes 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference  , 10 rounds of EM  , and maximizes the full PL. The inference is performed by Variational EM. While the E-step can be easily distributed  , the M-step is still centralized  , which could potentially become a bottleneck. The inference is done by Variational EM and the evaluation is done by measuring the accuracy of predicted location and showing anecdotal results. As CL-EM is known to be unstable 14   , we smooth the parameters at each iteration t. More specifically  , we estimate It performs 10 rounds of variational inference for collective inference. Maximizing the global parameters in MapReduce can be handled in a manner analogous to EM 33 ; the expected counts of the variational distribution generated in many parallel jobs are efficiently aggregated and used to recompute the top-level parameters. However  , this optimization can lead to starvation of certain types of transactions. The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with single-point contact. to increase efficiency or the field's yield  , in economic or environmental terms. The optimization problem presented in Section II is strongly limited by local mimima see Section IV-B for examples. It is applicable to a variety of static and dynamic cost functions   , such as distance and motion time. It combines a global combinatorial optimization in the position space with a local dynamic optimization to yield the global optimal path. For some scenarios  , our strategies yield provably optimal plans; for others the strategies are heuristic ones. Otherwise  , the resulting plans may yield erroneous results. The carry-over optimization can yield substantial reductionq in the number of lock requests per transaction . The optimization for some parts yield active constraints that are associated with two-point contact. Why this popular approach does not often yield the least deviation is explained by example. The optimization yields the optimal path and exploits the available kinematic and actuator redundancy to yield optimal joint trajectories and actuator forces/torques. Other  , more sophisticated IBT approaches using the maximum subsequence optimization may still yield improvement  , but we leave this as future work. In this paper  , only triangular membership functions are coded for optimization. Since this type of predictions involve larger temporal horizons and needs to use both the controller organization and modalities  , it may yield larger errors. In 5 some numeric values for the components of the joint axis vectors and distance vectors to the manipulator tip were found  , for whiclr the Jacobian matrices have condition numbers of 1. However  , they become computationally expensive for large manufacturing lines i.e. ii it discards immediately irrelevant tuples. The original query is transformed into syntactically different  , but semantically equivalent t queries  , which may possibly yield a more efficient execution planS. The recursive optimization techniques  , when applied to small manufacturing lines  , yield the solution with reasonable computational effort. Many optimization methods were also developed for group elevator scheduling. Reusing existing GROUP BY optimization logic can yield an efficient PIVOT implementation without significant changes to existing code. As a consequence  , for a given problem the rule-based optimization always yield to the same set of solutions. Semantic query optimization also provides the flexibility to add new information and optimization methods to an existing optimizer. This gives the opportunity of performing an individual  , " customized " optimization for both streams. In our case online position estimates of the mapping car can be refined by offline optimization methods Thrun and Montemerlo  , 2005 to yield position accuracy below 0.15 m  , or with a similar accuracy onboard the car by localizing with a map constructed from the offline optimization. second optimization in conjunction with uces the plan search space by using cost-based heuristics. 2 Performance stability: Caret-optimized classifiers are at least as stable as classifiers that are trained using the default settings. Finally  , we would like to emphasize that we do not seek to claim the generalization of our results. Our measurements prove that our optimization technique can yield significant speedups  , speedups that are better in most cases than those achieved by magic sets or the NRSU-transformation. The joint motion can be obtained by local optimization of a single performance criterion or multiple criteria even though local methods may not yield the best joint trajectory. Some of them suppose a particular geometry planar or with three intersecting axes  , others a fixed kinematic joint type or general mobilities  or even no constraints in the optimization no obstacle avoidance for instance. The primary advantage over the implicit integration method of Anitescu and Potra is the lower running time that such alternative methods can yield  , as the results in Table Ican testify. The method is based on looking at the kinematic parameters of a manipulator as the variables in the problem  , and using methods of constrained optimization to yield a solution. This method consists of a hierarchical search for the best path in a tessellated space  , which is used as the initial conditions for a local path optimization to yield the global optimal path. However  , this requires that the environment appropriately associate branch counts and other information with the source or that all experiments that yield that information be redone each time the source changes. Further research into query optimization techniques for Ad-Hoc search would be fruitful: this would also require an investigation into the trade offs with respect to effectiveness and efficiency found with such techniques. While this method works for relatively low degree-of-freedom manipulators  , there is a 'cross over' point beyond which the problem becomes overdetermined   , and an exact solution cannot be guaranteed. These benefits include verification of architectural constraints on component compositions  , and increased opporttmities for optimization between components. In addition  , applications that use these services do not have the ability to pick and choose optional features  , though new optimization techniques may remove unused code from the application after the fact 35. Moreover  , a fixed point for each motion primitive By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. Then we use: The same optimization except for the absorption of new would yield a structuring scheme which creates objects only for lm aliases. This is an important optimization since indeed the volumes in each time interval yield a sparse vector. They are more suitable for real-time control in a sensor-based control environment. In order to verify that the optimization results do indeed yield a gear box mechanism that produces in-phase flapping that is maintained even during asymmetric wing motion  , a kinematic evaluation was conducted by computational simulation and verified by experiment. Now  , the optimization problem reduces to estimating the coefficients by maximizing the log-posterior which is the sum of the log-likelihood Eq. It eliminates the main weakness of the NRSU-transformation: it works even when input arguments are variables  , not constants   , and hence it can be applied to far more calls in deductive database programs. Subsequent optimization steps then work on smaller subsets of the data Below  , we briefly discuss the CGLS and Line search procedures. The final results show Q2 being used for root-finding instead of optimization. By solving the optimization problem 15 for each motion primitive  , we obtain control parameters α * v   , v ∈ V R that yield stable hybrid systems for each motion primitive this is formally proven in 21 and will be justified through simulation in the next paragraph. The multitask case was thought to be more demanding because more obstacles and paths must be accommodated using the same  , limited parameter space that was used individual task optimization  , meaning that the number of well fit solutions should decrease markedly. Since optimization of queries is expensive   , it is appropriate that we eliminate queries that are not promising  , i.e. The following table lists all combinations of metric and distance-combining function and indicates whether a precomputational scheme is available ++  , or  , alternatively   , whether early abort of distance combination is expected to yield significant cost reduction +: distance-combining func But IO-costs dominate with such queries  , and the effect of the optimization is limited. However  , to increase opportunities for optimization   , all AQ i are combined into one audit query AQ whose output is a set of query identifiers corresponding to those AQ i that yield non-empty results. In contrast  , last criterion   , which is typical of schemes generally seen in the robotics literature  , yields analytical expressions for the trajectory and locally-optimal solutions for joint rates and actuator forces. Subsequently  , the starting parameters which yield the best optimization result of the 100 trials is taken as global optimium. Autonomic computing is a grand challenge  , requiring advances in several fields of science and technology  , particularly systems  , software architecture and engineering  , human-system interfaces  , policy  , modeling  , optimization  , and many branches of artificial intelligence such as planning  , learning  , knowledge representation and reasoning  , multiagent systems  , negotiation  , and emergent behavior. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantial benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. The rationale of using M codebooks instead of single codebook to approximate each input datum is to further minimize quantization error  , as the latter is shown to yield significantly lossy compression and incur evident performance drop 30  , 3. Since automated parameter optimization techniques like Caret yield substantially benefits in terms of performance improvement and stability  , while incurring a manageable additional computational cost  , they should be included in future defect prediction studies. Que TwigS TwigStack/PRIX from 28  , 29 / ToXinScan vs. X that characterize the ce of an XML query optimizer that takes conjunction with two summary pruning ugmented with data r provides similar se of system catalog information in optimization strategy  ,   , which reduces space by identifying at contain the query a that suggest that  , can easily yield ude. the necessary hard constraints have been applied to yield a feasible solution space defined on the PCM  , any path on the PCM  , from the point corresponding to the initial position of the robot to a point on the T G S   , will give rise to a valid solution for the interception problem. will not yield an autonomic computing system unless the elements share a set of common behaviors  , interfaces and interaction patterns that are demonstrably capable of engendering system-level selfmanagement . This hierarchical agglomerative step begins with leaf clusters  , and has complexity quadratic in . Locality-based methods group objects based on local relationships. These services organize procedures into a subsystem hierarchy  , by hierarchical agglomerative cluster- ing. They can be run in batch or interactively  , and can use a pre-existing modularization to reduce the amount of human interaction needed. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Unlike previous work  , we conduct a novel study of retrievalbased automatic conversation systems with a deep learning-torespond schema via deep learning paradigm. Deep learning with bottom-up transfer DL+BT: A deep learning approach with five-layer CAES and one fully connected layer. Deep learning with no transfer DL 14: A deep learning approach with five convolutional layers and three fully connected layers. However  , using deep learning for temporal recommendation has not yet been extensively studied. When further integrating transfer learning to deep learning  , DL+TT  , DL+BT and DL+FT achieve better performance than the DL approach. In this paper  , we have studied the problem of tagging personal photos. Our approach provides a novel point of view to Wikipedia quality classification. Besides  , the idea of deep learning has motivated researchers to use powerful generative models with deep architectures to learn better discriminative models 21. 42 proposed deep learning approach modeling source code. This shows stronger learning and generalization abilities of deep learning than the hand-crafted features. Our learning to rank method is based on a deep learning model for advanced text representations using distributional word embeddings . Meanwhile   , other machine learning methods can also reach the accuracy more than 0.83. 23 took advantage of learning deep belief nets to classify facial action units in realistic face images. The relation between deep learning and emotion is given in Sect. Recent developments in representation learning deep learning 5 have enabled the scalable learning of such models. We use a variation of these models 28  to learn word vector representation word embeddings that we track across time. We consider MV-DNN as a general Deep learning approach in the multi-view learning setup. Many researchers recognize that even exams tend to evaluate surface learning   , and that deep learning is not something that would surface until long after a course has finished 5 . We propose the DL2R system based on three novel insights: 1 the integration of multidimension of ranking evidences  , 2 context-based query reformulations with ranked lists fusion  , and 3 deep learning framework for the conversational task. Experiments demonstrated the superiority of the transfer deep learning approach over the state-of-the-art handcrafted feature-based methods and deep learning-based methods. Additionally  , we report the results from a recent deep learning system in 38 that has established the new state-of-the-art results in the same setting. A list of all possible reply combinations and their interpretations are presented in Figure 4. Allamanis and Sutton 3 trains n-gram language model a giga-token source code corpus. When dealing with small amounts of labelled data  , starting from pre-trained word embeddings is a large step towards successfully training an accurate deep learning system. First  , was the existing state of the art  , Flat-COTE  , significantly better than current deep learning approaches for TSC ? Second  , we propose reducing the visual appearance gap by applying deep learning techniques. On the other hand  , the deep learning-based approaches show stronger generalization abilities. Some of them are deep cost of learning and large size of action-state space. Then  , we learn the combinations of different modalities by multi kernel learning. Section 3 first presents the ontology collection scheme for personal photos  , then Section 4 formulates the transfer deep learning approach. for which the discontinuities only remain for the case of deep penetrations. However  , despite its impressive performance Flat-COTE has certain deficiencies. We introduce the recent work on applications of deep learning to IR tasks. Together with the self-learning knowledge base  , NRE makes a deep injection possible. 27 empirically showed that having more queries but shallow documents performed better than having less queries but deep documents. The stacked autoencoder as our deep learning architecture result in a accuracy of 0.91. Next  , we describe our deep learning model and describe our experiments. Word2Vec 6 provides vector representation of words by using deep learning. Our future work will study emotion-specific word embeddings for lexicon construction using deep learning. scoring  , and ranked list fusion. In the future we plan to apply deep learning approach to other IR applications  , e.g. Our work is taking advantage of deep models to extract robust facial features and translate them to recognize facial emotions. In our work we propose a novel deep learning approach extended from the Deep Structured Semantic Models DSSM 9 to map users and items to a shared semantic space and recommend items that have maximum similarity with users in the mapped space. In this paper we address the aforementioned challenges through a novel Deep Tensor for Probabilistic Recommendation DTPR method. The instance learning method presented in the paper has been experimentally evaluated on a dataset of 100 Deep Web Pages randomly selected from most known Deep Web Sites. Table 1reports the precision  , recall and F-measure calculated for the proposed method. In addition  , a comparison between a state-of-the-art BoVW approach and our deep multi-label CNN was performed on the publicly available  , fully annotated NUSWIDE scene dataset 7 . learn to extract a meaningful representation for each review text for different products using a deep learning approach in an unsupervised fashion 9. Deep learning with full transfer DL+FT i.e.  We introduce a deep learning model for prediction. For each of the features  , we describe our motivation and the method used for extraction below. The mentorship dataset is collected from 16 famous universities such as Carnegie Mellon and Stanford in the field of computer science. In this paper  , we propose a " deep learning-to-respond " framework for open-domain conversation systems. Given a query with context  , the proposed model would return a response—which has the highest overall merged ranking score F. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema.  Deep Learning-to-Respond DL2R. Using deep learning approaches for recommendation systems has recently received many attentions 20  , 21  , 22. It yielded semantically accurate results and well-localized segmentation maps. In this experiment  , the magazine page detection time is measured for four scenarios with all 4 types of features. Deep learning has recently been proposed for building recommendation systems for both collaborative and content based approaches. In Sections 4 and 5  , we introduce the detailed mechanisms of contextual query reformulation and the deep learning-to-respond architecture. We demonstrate that Flat-COTE is significantly better than both deep learning approaches. However  , the current state of the art is confirmed to be Flat-COTE and our next objective is to evaluate whether HIVE-COTE is a significant improvement. First  , we have designed an ontology specific for personal photos from 10 ,000 active users in Flickr. Deep learning with top-down transfer DL+TT: The same architecture and training set as DL except for the ontology priors embedded in the top  , fully connected layer. Our model also outperforms a deep learning based model while avoiding the problem of having to retrain embeddings on every iteration. This ranking based objective has shown to be better for recommendation systems 9. To assess the effectiveness and generality of our deep learning model for text matching  , we apply it on tweet reranking task. The framework can integrate other information such as reviewer's information  , product information  , etc. The learned representations can be used in realizing the tasks  , with often enhanced performance . In the second phase  , we trained the DNN model on the training set by using tensorflow 8   , the deep learning library from Google. The proposed deep learning model was applied to the data collected from the Academic Genealogy Wiki project. learning sciences has demonstrated that helping learners to develop deep understanding of such " big ideas " in science can lead to more robust and generalizable knowledge 40 . In addition  , deep learning technologies can be implemented in further research. As mentioned earlier weather data has many specific characteristics which depend on time and spatial location. Core concepts are the critical ideas necessary to support deep science learning and understanding. On the second task  , our model demonstrates that previous state-of-the-art retrieval systems can benefit from using our deep learning model. This paper contributes to zero-shot image tagging by introducing the WordNet hierarchy into a deep learning based semantic embedding framework. Features are calculated from the original images using the Caffe deep learning framework 11. We implement a CNN using a common framework and conduct experiments on 85 datasets. Here we adopted an approach similar to 46  , but with a topic model that enhances submission correctness and provides a self-learning knowledge expansion model. Section 5 further describes two modes to efficiently tag personal photos. The proposed hierarchical semantic embedding model is found to be effective. Table 3summarizes the input and output of the proposed system with deep learning-to-respond schema. Therefore   , all these heterogeneous ranking evidences are integrated together through the proposed Deep Learning-to-Respond schema. Given a human-issued message as the query  , our proposed system will return the corresponding responses based on a deep learning-to-respond schema. We believe that having an explicit symbolic representation is an advantage to vector-based models like deep learning because of direct interpretability . We presented a deep learning methodology for human part segmentation that uses refinements based on a stack of upconvolutional layers. A widely used method for traffic speed prediction is the autoregressive integrated moving average ARIMA model 1. In this paper  , we proposed a novel deep learning method called eRCNN for traffic speed prediction of high accuracy. Our work seeks to address two questions: first  , is Flat-COTE more accurate than deep learning approaches for TSC ? In the following  , we give a problem formulation and provide a brief overview of learning to rank approaches. Consequently we decided to instead identify evidence of 'critical thinking' by capturing the transcripts of the students' communication events and by interviewing them on their perceptions of the benefits of the technologies. We first point out when we apply deep learning to the problems  , we in fact learn representations of natural language in the problems. While our model allows for learning the word embeddings directly for a given task  , we keep the word matrix parameter W W W static. We propose several effective and scalable dimensionality reduction techniques that reduce the dimension to a reasonable size without the loss of much information. This section explains our deep learning model for reranking short text pairs. In this paper  , we present a novel framework for learning term weights using distributed representations of words from the deep learning literature. Instead of relying solely on the anomalous features and extracting them greedily  , we have used deep learning approach of learning and subsequently reducing the feature set. Recent  , deep learning has shown its success in feature learning for many computer vision problem  , You et al. The research goal of the project is to test the hypothesis that this deep customization can lead to dramatic improvements in teaching and learning. We motivate the framework by adopting the word vectors to represent terms and further to represent the query due to the ability to represent things semantically of word vectors. The characteristics of requiring very little engineering by hand makes it easily discover interesting patterns from large-scale social media data.  Deep hashing: Correspondence Auto-Encoders CorrAE 5 8 learns latent features via unsupervised deep auto-encoders  , which captures both intra-modal and inter-modal correspondences   , and binarizes latent features via sign thresholding. The method is based on: i a novel positional document object model that represents both spatial and visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of Web browser in rendered Deep Web pages; ii a novel visual similarity measure that exploit the rectangular cardinal relation spatial model for computing visual similarity between nodes of the PDOM.  Supervised hashing: Cross-Modal Similarity-Sensitive Hashing CMSSH 6 5  , Semantic Correlation Maximization SCM 28   , and Quantized Correlation Hashing QCH are supervised hashing methods which embed multimodal data into a common Hamming space using supervised metric learning. DL + FT achieved the best Tag ranking DTL GFK DLFlickr DL DL+TT DL+BT DL+FT DL+withinDomain Figure 7: The top-N error rates of different approaches for tagging personal photos and an ideal performance obtained by training and testing on ImageNet denoted as DL+withinDomain. Specifically   , in our data sets with News  , Apps and Movie/TV logs  , instead of building separate models for each of the domain that naively maps the user features to item features within the domain  , we build a novel multi-view model that discovers a single mapping for user features in the latent space such that it is jointly optimized with features of items from all domains. We found that though our method gives results that are quite similar to the baseline case when prediction is done in 6 h before the event  , it gives significantly better performance when prediction is done 24 h and 48 h before the events. While the problemtailored heuristics and the search-oriented heuristics require deep knowledge on the problem characteristics to design problem-solving procedures or to specify the search space  , the learning-based heuristics try t o automatically capture the search control knowledge or the common features of good solutions t o solve the given problem. This paper focuses on the development of a learning-based heuristic for the MSP. Deep learning approaches generalize the distributional word matching problem to matching sentences and take it one step further by learning the optimal sentence representations for a given task. To address the above issues  , we present a novel transfer deep learning approach with ontology priors to tag personal photos. The main contributions of this paper can be summarized as follows: To the best of our knowledge  , this paper is one of the first attempts to design a domain-specific ontology for personal photos and solve the tagging problem by transfer deep learning. This has certain advantages like a very fast training procedure that can be applied to massive amounts of data  , as well as a better understanding of the model compared to increasingly popular deep learning architectures e.g. Our deep learning model has a ranking based objective which aims at ranking positive examples items that users like higher than negative examples. We also showed how to extend this framework to combine data from different domains to further improve the recommendation quality. Despite the fact that most of the evaluation in this paper used proprietary data  , the framework should be able to generalize to other data sources without much additional effort as shown in Section 9 using a small public data set. To understand the content of the ad creative from a visual perspective  , we tag the ad image with the Flickr machine tags  , 17 namely deep-learning based computer vision classifiers that automatically recognize the objects depicted in a picture a person  , or a flower. Similar to our work  , to predict CTR for display ads  , 4 and 23 propose to exploit a set of hand-crafted image and motion features and deep learning based visual features  , respectively . Traditional Aesthetic Predictor: What if existing aesthetic frameworks were general enough to assess crowdsourced beauty ? We create a huge conversational dataset from Web  , and the crawled data are stored as an atomic unit of natural conversations: an utterance  , namely a posting  , and its reply. Till now  , we have validated that deep learning structures  , contextual reformulations and integrations of multi-dimensions of ranking evidences are effective. To give deep insights into the proposed model  , we illustrate these two aspects by using intuitive examples in detail. This work is a first step towards learning deep semantics of review content using skip-thought vectors in review rating prediction. At the same time it is not possible to tune the word embeddings on the training set  , as it will overfit due to the small number of the query-tweet pairs available for training. To effectively leverage supervised Web resource and reduce the domain gap between general Web images and personal photos  , we have proposed a transfer deep learning approach to discover the shared representations across the two domains. In order to scale the system up  , we propose several dimensionality reduction techniques to reduce the number of features in the user view. As a pilot study  , we believe that this work has opened a new door to recommendation systems using deep learning from multiple data sources. Given that the image features we consider are based on a state-ofthe-art deep learning library  , it is interesting to compare the performance of image-related features with a similar signal derived from the crowd. To compute the similarity score we use an approach used in the deep learning model of 38  , which recently established new state-of-the-art results on answer sentence selection task. We model the mixedscript features jointly in a deep-learning architecture in such a way that they can be compared in a low-dimensional abstract space. We thus aim to apply an automatic feature engineering approach from deep learning in future works to automatically generate the correct ranking function. Moreover  , we aim to integrate HAWK in domain-specific information systems where the more specialized context will most probably lead to higher F-measures. The proposed approach is founded on: In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. With the recent success in many research areas 1   , deep learning techniques have attracted increasing attention. In contrast to 9  , which is applied to text applications  , we need to handle the high-dimensional problem of images  , which results in more difficulties. Such representations can guide knowledge transfer from the source to the target domain. The DNN ranker  , serving as the core of " deep learning-to-rank " schema  , models the relation between two sentences query versus context/posting/reply. The proposed method can find the equivalents of the query term across the scripts; the original query is then expanded using the thus found equivalents. In this work  , we propose a deep learning approach with a SAE model for mining advisor-advisee relationships. We want to semantify text by assigning word sense IDs to the content words in the document. Automatic learning of expressive TBox axioms is a complex task. In this paper we present a novel spatial instance learning method for Deep Web pages that exploits both the spatial arrangement and the visual features of data records and data items/fields produced by layout engines of web browsers. Viola and Jones 20  , 21 In recent years  , deep learning arouses academia and industrial attentions due to its magic in computer vision. We demonstrate that the standard approach is no better than dynamic time warping  , and both are significantly less accurate than the current state of the art. Specifically  , this paper has the following contributions:  We develop a supervised classification methodology with NLP features to outperform a deep learning approach . The high efficiency ensures an immediate response  , and thus the transfer deep learning approach with two modes can be adopted as a prototype model for real-time mobile applications  , such as photo tagging and event summarization on mobile devices. Accomplishing all this in a small project would be impossible if the team were building everything from scratch. Focusing on core concepts is an important strategy for developing enduring understanding that transfers to new domains 15  , hence selecting educational resources that address these concepts is a critical task in supporting learners. Emerging new OCR approaches based on deep learning would certainly profit from the large set of training data. Additionally  , we note that a catalog of occurrences of glyphs can in itself be interesting  , for example to date or attribute printed works 2. More recently  , Wang and Wang 10  used deep leaning techniques which perform feature learning from audio signals and music recommendation in a unified framework. Finally  , many systems work with distributed vector representations for words and RDF triples and use various deep learning techniques for answer selection 10  , 31. In all of these works  , external resources are used to train a lexicon for matching questions to particular KB queries. However  , their model operates only on unigram or bigrams  , while our architecture learns to extract and compose n-grams of higher degrees  , thus allowing for capturing longer range dependencies. We present a joint NMF method which incorporates crowdbased emotion labels on articles and generates topic-specific factor matrices for building emotion lexicons via compositional semantics. In recent years  , alongside the enhancement of ASR technologies with deep learning 17  , various studies suggested advanced methods for voice search ASR and reported further performance enhancements. There is actually a series of variants of DL2R model with different components and different context utilization strategies. However   , while the word embeddings obtained at the previous step should already capture important syntactic and semantic aspects of the words they represent  , they are completely clueless about their sentiment behaviour. We are going to create JoBimText models 30 and extend those to interconnected graphs  , where we introduce new semantic relations between the nodes. A person can observe the existence and configuration of another persons body directly  , however all aspects of other people's minds must be inferred from observing their behaviour together with other information. Instance learning approaches exploit regularities available in Deep Web pages in terms of DOM structures for detecting data records and their data items. The previous study in 8 seeks to discover hidden schema model for query interfaces on deep Web. Recent IE systems have addressed scalability with weakly supervised methods and bootstrap learning techniques. Our techniques highlight the importance of low-level computer vision features and demonstrate the power of certain semantic features extracted using deep learning. In particular  , by training a neural language model 8  on millions of Wikipedia documents  , the authors first construct a semantic space where semantically close words are mapped to similar vector representations. This has a negative impact on the performance of our deep learning model since around 40% of the word vectors are randomly initialized. The learning component uses a data-driven and model-free approach for training the recurrent neural net  , which becomes an embedded part of a hybrid control scheme effective during execution. One of the challenges in studying an agent's understanding of others is that observed phenomena like behaviours can sometimes be explained as simple stimulus-response learning  , rather than requiring deep understanding. In this study  , we want to learn the weather attributes which are mainly in the form of real numbered values and thus have chosen stacked auto-encoder architecture of deep learning for the purpose. To summarize  , the contributions in this work are: 1 use rich user features to build a general-purpose recommendation system  , 2 propose a deep learning approach for content-based recommendation systems and study different techniques to scale-up the system  , 3 introduce the novel Multi-View Deep learning model to build recommendation systems by combining data sets from multiple domains  , 4 address the user cold start issue which is not well-studied in literature by leveraging the semantic feature mapping learnt from the multi-view DNN model  , and 5 perform rigorous experiments using four real-world large-scale data set and show the effectiveness of the proposed system over the state-of-the-art methods by a significantly large margin. Alternative solutions to this challenging problem were explored using a " Figure 1: Example of a PMR query and its relevant technote like " competition  , where several different research and development teams within IBM have explored various retrieval approaches including those that employ both state-of-theart and novel QA  , NLP  , deep-learning and learning-to-rank techniques. For each of the detectable objects  , the Flickr classifiers output a confidence score corresponding to the probability that the object is represented in the image. It breaks the task at hand into the following components: 1. a tensor construction stage of building user-item-tag correlation; 2. a tensor decomposition stage learning factors for each component mode; 3. a stage of tensor completion  , which computes the creativity value of tag pairs; and 4. a recommender stage that ranks the candidate items according to both precision and creative consideration . Hence  , in this paper we adopt a simple pointwise method to reranking and focus on modelling a rich representation of query-document pairs using deep learning approaches which is described next. The deep learning features outperform other features for the one-per-user and user-mix settings but not the user-specific setting. This result indicates that IdeaKeeper scaffoldings assisted students to focus on more important work than less salient activities in online inquiry. Even though  , in general  , changing the goal may lead to substantial modifications in the basins of attraction  , the expectation is that problems successfully dealt with in their first occurrence difficult cases reported for RPP are traps and deep local minima A general framework for learning in path planning has been proposed by Chen 8.  We investigate the relative importance of individual features  , and specifically contrast the power of social context with image content across three different dataset types -one where each user has only one image  , another where each user has several thousand images  , and a third where we attempt to get specific predictors for users separately. Copyrights for third-party components of this work must be honored. Specifically  , in this work  , we propose a multi-rate temporal deep learning model that jointly optimizes long-term and short-term user interests to improve the recommendation quality. Table 4 shows that even by just using the user preferences among categories together with crowd-derived category information   , we can obtain an accuracy of 0.85 compared with 0.77 for Image+User features  , suggesting that crowdsourced image categorisation is more powerful than current image recognition and classification technology. 3 In this paper we propose a machine learning method that takes as input an ontology matching task consisting of two ontologies and a set of configurations and uses matching task profiling to automatically select the configuration that optimizes matching effectiveness. Recommendation systems and content personalization play increasingly important role in modern online web services. In this framework  , a slow  , globally effective planner is invoked when a fast but less effective planner fails  , and significant subgoal configurations found are remembered t o enhance future success chances of the fast planner. The rest of this paper is organized as following  , first we review major approaches in recommendation systems including papers that focus on the cold start problem in Section 2; in Section 3  , we describe the data sets we work with and detail the type of features we use to model the user and the items in each domain  , respectively. We then review the basic DSSM model and discuss how it could be extended for our setting in Section 4; in Section 5  , we introduce the multi-view deep learning model in details and discuss its advantages ; in Section 6  , we discuss the dimension reduction methods to scale-up the model; in Section 7  , 8  , 9 & 10  , we present a comprehensive empirical study; we finally conclude in Section 11 and suggest several future work. LIF and LIB*TF  , which have an emphasis on term frequency  , achieved significantly better recall scores. Overall  , LIB*LIF had a strong performance across the data collections. Methods with the LIB quantity  , especially LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF  , were effective when the evaluation emphasis was on within-cluster internal accuracy  , e.g. Compared to TF*IDF  , LIB*LIF  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB performed significantly better in purity  , rand index  , and precision whereas LIF and LIB*TF achieved significantly better scores in recall. While LIB and LIB+LIF did well in terms of rand index  , LIF and LIB*TF were competitive in recall. Similar to IDF  , LIB was designed to weight terms according to their discriminative powers or specificity in terms of Sparck Jones 15. LIB+LIF: To weight a term  , we simply add LIB and LIF together by treating them as two separate pieces of information. By modeling binary term occurrences in a document vs. in any random document from the collection  , LIB integrates the document frequency DF component in the quantity. With the NY Times corpus  , LIB*LIF continued to dominate best scores and performed significantly better than TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision Table 5. The two are related quantities with different focuses. While we have demonstrated superior effectiveness of the proposed methods  , the main contribution is not about improvement over TF*IDF. Whereas LIF well supported recall  , LIB*LIF was overall the best method in the experiments and consistently outperformed TF*IDF by a significant margin  , particularly in terms of purity  , precision  , and rand index. The LIB*LIF scheme is similar in spirit to TF*IDF. In most experiments  , the proposed methods  , especially LIB*LIF fusion   , significantly outperformed TF*IDF in terms of several evaluation metrics. This is very consistent with WebKB and RCV1 results . LIF  , on the other hand  , models term frequency/probability distributions and can be seen as a new approach to TF normalization . The other methods such as LIF and LIB*TF emphasize term frequency in each document and  , with the ability to associate one document to another by assigning term weights in a less discriminative manner  , were able to achieve better recalls. In light of TF*IDF  , we reason that combining the two will potentiate each quantity's strength for term weighting. In each set of experiments presented here  , best scores in each metric are highlighted in bold whereas italic values are those better than TF*IDF baseline scores. We derive two basic quanti-ties  , namely LI Binary LIB and LI Frequency LIF  , which can be used separately or combined to represent documents. We take a multi-phase optimization approach to cope with the complexity of parallel multijoin query optimization.  Query optimization query expansion and normalization. a join order optimization of triple patterns performed before query evaluation. We focus on static query optimization  , i.e. Specify individual optimization rules. There has been a lot of work in multi-query optimization for MV advisors and rewrite. We now apply query optimization strategies whenever the schema changes. Thus the system has to perform plan migration after the query optimization. In query optimization using views  , to compute probabilities correctly we must determine how tuples are correlated. Semantic query optimization is well motivated in the literature6 ,5 ,7  , as a new dimension to conventional query optimization. Our experiments were carried out with Virtuoso RDBMS  , certain optimization techniques for relational databases can also be applied to obtain better query performance. The major problem that multi-query optimization solves is how to find common subexpressions and to produce a global-optimal query plan for a group of queries. Multi-query optimization detects common inter-and intra-query subexpressions and avoids redundant computation 10  , 3  , 18  , 19. Logical query optimization uses equalities of query expressions to transform a logical query plan into an equivalent query plan that is likely to be executed faster or with less costs. It complements the conventional query optimization phase. One category of research issues deals with mechanisms to exploit interactions between relational query optimization and E-ADT query optimization. As in applying II to conventional query optimization  , an interesting question that arises in parametric query optimization is how to determine the running time of a query optimizer for real applications . Not only are these extra joins expensive  , but because the complexity of query optimization is exponential in the amount of joins  , SPARQL query optimization is much more complex than SQL query optimization. The optimization on this query is performed twice. Multi-query optimization is a technique working at query compilation phase. 6  reports on a rule-based query optimizer generator  , which was designed for their database generator EXODUS 2. We divide the optimization task into the following three phases: 1 generating an optimized query tree  , 2 allocating query operators in the query tree to machines  , and 3 choosing pipelined execution methods. The parallel query plan will be dete&iined by a post optimization phase after the sequential query optimization . Typically  , all sub-expressions need to be optimized before the SQL query can be optimized. Query optimization in general is still a big problem. The architecture should readily lend itself to query optimization. Optimization of the internal query represen- tation. Good query optimization is as important for 00 query languages as it is for relational query languages. Mid-query re-optimization  , progressive optimization  , and proactive re-optimization instead initially optimize the entire plan; they monitor the intermediate result sizes during query execution  , and re-optimize only if results diverge from the original estimates. However  , semantic optimization increases the search space of possible plans by an order of magnitude  , and very ellicient searching techniques are needed to keep .the cost'of optimization within reasonable limits. As a result  , large SPARQL queries often execute with a suboptimal plan  , to much performance detriment. Then query optimization takes place in two steps. The optimization goal is to find the execution plan which is expected to return the result set fastest without actually executing the query or subparts. This simplifies query optimization Amma85. They investigate the applicability of common query optimization techniques to answer tree-pattern queries. Substantial research on object-oriented query optimization has focused on the design and use of path indexes  , e.g. Note that most commercial database systems allow specifying top-k query and its optimization. The notion of using algebraic transformations for query optimization was originally developed for the relational algebra. In Section 3  , we view query optimization as a generic search problem and introduce a class hierarchy to model search strategies. Finally  , the optimal query correlatioñ Q opt is leveraged for query suggestion. The optimization problem of join order selection has been extensively studied in the context of relational databases 12  , 11  , 16. This is in some cases not guaranteed in the scope of object-oriented query languages 27. While research in the nested algebra optimization is still in its infancy  , several results from relational algebra optimization 13 ,141 can be extended to nested relations. IQP: we consider a modified version of the budget constrained optimization method proposed in 13 as a query selection baseline. 3 Dynamic Query Optimization Ouery optimization in conventional DBS can usually be done at compile time. Cost based optimization will be explored as another avenue of future work. Each iteralion contains a well-defined sequence of query optimization followed by data allocation optimization. the optimization time of DPccp is always 1. More importantly  , multi-query optimization can provide not only data sharing but also common computation sharing. The major form of query optimization employed in KCRP results from proof schema structure sharing. We now highlight some of the semantic query optimizationSQO strategies used by our run time optimizer. -We shall compare the methods for extensible optimization in more detail in BeG89. A novel architecture for query optimization based on a blackboard which is organized in successive regions has been devised. Our approach allows both safe optimization and approximate optimization. A modular arrangement of optimization methods makes it possible to add  , delete and modify individual methods  , without affecting the rest. The optimization problem becomes even more interesting in the light of interactive querying sessions 2  , which should be quite common when working with inductive databases. That is  , we break the optimization task into several phases and then optimize each phase individually. Query Evaluation: If a query language is specified  , the E- ADT must provide the ability to execute the optimized plan. This expansion allows the query optimizer to consider all indexes on relations referenced in a query. First we conduct experiments to compare the query performance using V ERT G without optimization  , with Optimization 1 and with Optimization 2. The current implementation of DARQ uses logical query optimization in two ways. It utilizes containment mapping for identifying redundant navigation patterns in a query and later for collapsing them to minimize the query. 14 into an entity-based query interface and provides enhanced data independence   , accurate query semantics  , and highlevel query optimization 6 13. We represent the query subject probability as P sb S and introduce it as the forth component to the parsing optimization. After query planning the query plan consists of multiple sub-queries. Secondly  , relational algebra allows one to reason about query execution and optimization. We abstract two models — query and keyword language models — to study bidding optimization prob- lems. The query optimization steps are described as transformation rules or rewriting rules 7. That is  , any query optimization paradig plugged-in. ASW87 found this degree of precision adequate in the setting of query optimization. What happens when considering complex queries ? This problem can also be solved by employing existing optimization techniques. We showed the optimization of a simple query. We introduce a new loss function that emphasizes certain query-document pairs for better optimization. : Multiple-query optimization MQO 20 ,19 identifies common sub-expressions in query execution plans during optimization  , and produces globally-optimal plans. For instance   , NN queries over an attribute set A can be considered as model-based optimization queries with F  θ  , A as the distance function e.g. This lower optimization cost is probably just an artifact of a smaller search space of plans within the query optimizer  , and not something intrinsic to the query itself. Heuristics-based optimization techniques generally work without any knowledge of the underlying data. The optimization cost becomes comparable to query execution cost  , and minimizing execution cost alone would not minimize the total cost of query evaluation  , as illustrated in Fig Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Both directions of the transformation should be considered in query optimization. Classical database query optimization techniques are not employed in KCRP currently  , but such optimization techniques as pushing selections within joins  , and taking joins in the most optimal order including the reordering of database literals across rules must be used in a practical system to improve RAP execution. Our experiments show that the SP approach gives a decent performance in terms of number of triples  , query size and query execution time. Since only default indexes were created  , and no optimization was provided   , this leaves a room for query optimization in order to obtain a better query performance. Heuristics-based optimization techniques include exploiting syntactic and structural variations of triple patterns in a query 27  , and rewriting a query using algebraic optimization techniques 12 and transformation rules 15 . In this paper  , we present a value-addition tool for query optimizers that amortizes the cost of query optimization through the reuse of plans generated for earlier queries. The detection of common sub-expressions is done at optimization time  , thus  , all queries need to be optimized as a batch. Finally  , our focus is on static query optimization techniques. By contrast  , we postpone work on query optimization in our geographic scalability agenda  , preferring to first design and validate the scalability of our query execution infrastructure. In general  , any query adjustment has to be undertaken before any threshold setting  , as it aaects both ast1 and the scores of the judged documents  , all of which are used in threshold setting. We begin in Section 2 by motivating our approach to order optimization by working through the optimization of a simple example query based on the TPC-H schema using the grouping and secondary ordering inference techniques presented here. On the other  , they are useful for query optimization via query rewriting. Optimization of this query should seek to reduce the work required by PARTITION BY and ORDER BYs. Our work builds on this paradigm. However  , sound applications of rewrite rules generate alternatives to a query that are semantically equivalent. Relational optimizers thus do global optimization by looking inside all referenced views. The paper is organized as follows. Optimization techniques are discussed in Section 3. That is  , at each stage a complete query evaluation plan exists. They suffer from the same problems mentioned above. The query engine uses this information for query planning and optimization. During the query optimization phase  , each query is broken down into a number of subqueries on the fragments . JOQR is similar in functionality to a conventional query optimizer . Sections 4 and 5 detail a query evaluation method and its optimization techniques. Query optimization is a fundamental and crucial subtask of query execution in database management systems. Query queries  , we have developed an optimization that precomputes bounds. Table  IncludingPivot and Unpivot explicitly in the query language provides excellent opportunities for query optimization. Still  , strategy 11 is only a local optimization on each query. The main concerns were directed at the unique operations: inclusive query planning and query optimization. On the other hand  , more sophisticated query optimization and fusion techniques are required. Tioga will optimize by coalescing queries when coalescing is advantageous. In the third stage  , the query optimizer takes the sub-queries and builds an optimized query execution plan see Section 3.3. It highlights that our query optimization has room for improvement. Weights  , constraints  , functional attributes  , and optimization functions themselves can all change on a per-query basis . The consideration of RDF as database model puts forward the issue of developing coherently all its database features. Motivated by the above  , we have studied the problem of optimizing queries for all possible values of runtime parameters that are unknown at optimization time a task that we call Parametric Query Optimiration   , so that the need for re-optimization is reduced. The multi-query optimization technique has the most restrictive requirement on the arrival times of different queries due to the limitation that multiple queries must be optimized as a batch. Thus  , a main strength of FluXQuery is its extensibility and the ability to benefit from a large body of previous database research on algebraic query optimization. On the other hand  , declarative query languages are easier to read since inherently they describe only the goal of the query in a simpler syntax  , and automatic optimization can be done to some degree. This post optimizer kxamines the sequential query plan to see how to parallelize a gequential plan segment and estimates the overhead as welLas the response time reduction if this plan segment is executed in parallel. The query optimizer can add-derivation operators in a query expression for optimization purpose without explicitly creating new graph view schemes in the database. optimization cost so far + execution cost is minimum. Query Operators and Optimization: If a declarative query language is specified  , the E-ADT must provide optimization abilities that will translate a language expression into a query evaluation plan in some evaluation algebra. Our query language permits several  , possibly interrelated  , path expressions in a single query  , along with other query constructs. We differ in that 1 if the currently executing plan is already optimal  , then query re-optimization is never invoked. However  , unlike query optimization which must necessarily preserve query equivalence  , our techniques lead to mappings with better semantics  , and so do not preserve equivalence. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS97  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. For achieving efficiency and handling a general class of XQuery codes  , we generate executable for a query directly  , instead of decomposing the query at the operator level and interpreting the query plan. Query Optimization: The optimization of an SQL query uses cost-based techniques to search for a cheap evaluation plan from a large space of options. This is an issue that requires further study in the form of a comprehensive performance evaluation on sipI1. Subsequently  , Colde and Graefe 8 proposed a new query optimization model which constructs dynamic plans at compile-time and delays some of the query optimization until run-time. The challenge in designing such a RISCcomponent successfully is to identify optimization techniques that require us to enumerate only a few of all the SPJ query sub-trees. In FS98 two optimization techniques for generalized path expressions are presented  , query pruning and query rewriting using state extents. To give the optimizer more transformation choices  , relational query optimization techniques first expand all views referenced in a query and then apply cost-based optimization strategies on the fully expanded query 16 22 . Kabra and DeWitt 21 proposed an approach collecting statistics during the execution of complex queries in order to dynamically correct suboptimal query execution plans. LEO is aimed primarily at using information gleaned from one or more query executions to discern trends that will benefit the optimization of future queries. If the format of a query plan is restricted in some manner  , this search space will be reduced and optimization will be less expensive. There are six areas of work that are relevant to the research presented here: prefetching  , page scheduling for join execution  , parallel query scheduling  , multiple query optimization  , dynamic query optimization and batching in OODBs. The idea of the interactive query optimization test was to replace the automatic optimization operation by an expert searcher  , and compare the achieved performance levels as well as query structures. Query optimization: DBMSs typically maintain histograms 15 reporting the number of tuples for selected attribute-value ranges. Once registered in Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources. Service Descriptions are represented in RDF. Even the expressions above and in And as such these approaches offer excellent opportunities for query optimization. Mondial 18 is a geographical database derived from the CIA Factbook. Open PHACTS 15   , query optimization time dominates and can run into the tens of seconds. Extensions to the model are considered in Section 5. Search stops when the optimization cost in last step dominates the improvement in query execution cost. We know that these query optimizations can greatly improve performance. 'I'he traditional optimization problem is to choose an optimal plan for a query. which fragments slmultl be fetched from tertiary memory . The optimization in Eq. In Section 2 we present related work on query optimization and statistical databases. POP places CHECK operators judiciously in query execution plans. Graefe surveys various principles and techniques Gra93. First  , is to include multi-query optimization in CQ refresh. Histograms were one of the earliest synopses used in the context of database query optimization 29  , 25. In the context of deductive databases. In Section 3  , we describe our new optimization technique . The second optimization exploits the concept of strong-token. The three products differ greatly from each other with respect to query optimization techniques. A key difference in query optimization is that we usually have access to the view definitions. This makes them difficult to work with from an optimization point of view. Here n denotes the number of documents associated with query q i . Analogous to order optimization we call this grouping optimization and define that the set of interesting groupings for a given query consists of 1. all groupings required by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query 2. all groupings produced by an operator of the physical algebra that may be used in a query execution plan for the given query. A database system that can effectively handle the potential variations in optimization queries will benefit data exploration tasks. They are complementary to our study as they target an environment where a cost-based optimization module is available. In the area of Semantic Query Optimization  , starting with King King81  , researchers have proposed various ways to use integrity constraints for optimization. In particular  , we describe three optimization techniques that exploit text-centric actions that IE programs often execute. The Auto-Fusion Optimization involves iterations of fusion runs i.e. Our demonstration also includes showing the robustness POP adds to query optimization for these sources of errors. Thus  , optimizing the evaluation of boolean expressions seems worthwhile from the standpoint of declarative query optimization as well as method optimization. This file contains various classes of optimization/translation rules in a specific syntax and order. The DBS3 optimizer uses efficient non-exhaustive search strategies LV91 to reduce query optimization cost. Indeed  , our investigation can be regarded as the analogue for updates of fundamental invest ,igat.ions on query equivalence and optimization. In all experiments  , TSA yields the best optimization/execution cost  , ratio. Contrary to previous works  , our results show clearly that parallel query optimization should not imply restricting the search space to cope with the additional complexity. Further  , we also improve on their solution. For example   , if NumRef is set to the number of relations in the query  , it is not clear how and what information should be maintained to facilitate incremental optimization . Following Hong and Stonebraker HS91  , we break the optimization problem into two phases: join ordering followed by parallelization. Clearly  , the elimination of function from the path length of high traffic interactions is a possible optimization strategy. We have demonstrated the effects of query optimization by means of performance experiments. Our second goal with this demo is to present some of our first experiments with query optimization in Galax. We also showed how to incorporate our strategies into existing query optimizers for extensible databases. AQuery builds on previous language and query optimization work to accomplish the following goals: 1. These optimization rules follow from the properties described earlier for PIVOT and UNPIVOT. Optimization. The method normalizes retrieval scores to probabilities of relevance prels  , enabling the the optimization of K by thresholding on prel. This also implies that for a QTree this optimization can be used only once. While ATLAS performs sophisticated local query optimization   , it does not attempt to perform major changes in the overall execution plan  , which therefore remains under programmer's control. The direct applicability of logical optimization techniques such as rewriting queries using views  , semantic optimization and minimization to XQuery is precluded by XQuery's definition as a functional language 30. The query term selection optimization was evaluated by changing /3 and 7. A powerful 00 data modelling language permits the construction of more complex schemas than for relational databases. In order to query iDM  , we have developed a simple query language termed iMeMex Query Language iQL that we use to evaluate queries on a resource view graph. Therefore  , we follow the same principle as LUBM where query patterns are stated in descending order  , w.r.t. Given a logical query  , the T&O performs traditional query optimization tasks such as plan enumeration  , evaluating join orderings  , index selections and predicate place- ment U1188  , CS96  , HSSS. The different formats that exist for query tree construction range from simple to complex. In database query languages late binding is somewhat problematic since good query optimization is very important to achieve good performance. There is currently no optimization performed across query blocks belonging to different E-ADTs . The entity types of our sample environment are given in Figs. In our experiments we found that binning by query length is both conceptually simple and empirically effective for retrieval optimization. Dynamic re-optimization techniques augment query plans with special operators that collect statistics about the actual data during the execution of a query 9  , 13. If a query can m-use cached steps  , the rest of the parsing and optimization is bypassed. To build the plan we use logical and physical query optimization. Also  , the underlying query optimizer may produce sub-optimal physical plans due to assumptions of predicate independence. DB2 Information Integrator deploys cost-based query optimization to select a low cost global query plan to execute . We discuss the various query plans in a bit more detail as the results are presented. Development of such query languages has prompted research on new query optimization methods  , e.g. By compiling into an algebraic language  , we facilitate query optimization. Semantic query optimization can be viewed as the search for the minimum cost query execution plan in the space of all possible execution plans of the various semantically equivalent hut syntactically ditferent versions of the original query. We note that other researchers have termed such queries 'set queries' Gavish and Segev 19861. Query optimization is carried out on an algebraic  , query-language level rather than  , say  , on some form of derived automata. Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , it also improves query execution efficiency since it makes it possible for optimizers to always run at their highest optimization level as the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. RuralCafe  , then allows the users to choose appropriate query expansion terms from a list of popular terms. The objective of this class of queries is to test whether the selectivity of the text query plays a role in query optimization. The optimal point for this optimization query this query is B.1.a. The next important phase in query compilation is Query Optimization. For example  , during optimization  , the space of alternative query plans is searched in order to find the " optimal " query plan. In this example   , the SQL optimizer is called on the outer query block  , and the SEQUIN optimizer operates on the nested query block. However  , existing work primarily focuses on various aspects of query-local data management  , query execution   , and optimization. The trade-off between re-optimization and improved runtime must be weighed in order to be sure that reoptimization will result in improved query performance. E.g. The blackbox ADT approach for executing expensive methods in SQL is to execute them once for each new combination of arguments. A control strategy is needed to decide on the rewrite rules that should be applied to a given statement sequence. With such an approach  , no new execution operators are required  , and little new optimization or costing logic is needed. Optimization during query compilr tion assumes the entire buffer pool is available   , but in or&r to aid optimization at nmtime  , the query tree is divided into fragments. Compared to the global re-optimization of query plans  , our inspection approach can be regarded as a complementary   , local optimization technique inside the hash join operator. The Plastic system  , proposed in GPSH02   , amortizes the cost of query optimization by reusing the plans generated by the optimizer. Optimization for queries on local repositories has also focused on the use of specialized indices for RDF or efficient storage in relational databases  , e.g. A " high " optimization cost may be acceptable for a repetitive query since it can be amortized over multiple executions. We see that the optimization leads to significantly decreased costs for the uniform model  , compared to the previous tables. In Figure 5  , we show results for the fraction pruning method and the max score optimization on the expanded query set. For example  , if our beers/drinkers/bars schema had " beers " as a top level node  , instead of being as a child node of Drinkers  , then the same query would had been obtained without the reduction optimization. Many researchers have investigated the use of statistics for query optimization  , especially for estimating the selectivity of single-column predicates using histograms PC84  , PIH+96  , HS95 and for estimating join sizes Gel93  , IC91  , SS94 using parametric methods Chr83  , Lyn88 . For suitable choices of these it might be feasible to efficiently obtain a solution. Third-order dependencies may be useful  , however   , and even higher-order dependencies may be of interest in settings outside of query optimization. Doing much of the query optimization in the query language translator also helps in keeping the LSL interpreter as simple as possible. This research is an important contribution to the understanding of the design tradeoffs between query optimization and data allocation for distributed database design. Many researchers have worked on optimizer architectures that facilitate flexibility: Bat86  , GD87  , BMG93  , GM931 are proposals for optimizer genera- tors; HFLP89  , BG92 described extensible optimizers in the extended relational context; MDZ93  , KMP93  proposed architectural frameworks for query optimization in object bases. Another approach to this problem is to use dynamic query optimization 4 where the original query plan is split into separately optimized chunks e.g. The technique in MARS 9 can be viewed as a SQL Optimization technique since the main optimization occurs after the SQL query is generated from the XML query. This is effectively an optimization problem  , not unlike the query optimization problem in relational databases. In the current implementation we e two-level optimization strategy see section 1 the lower level uses the optimization strateg present in this paper  , while the upper level the oy the in which s that we join order egy. Moreover  , as the semantic information about the database and thus the corresponding space of semantically equivalent queries increases  , the optimization cost becomes comparable to the cost of query execution plan  , and cannot be ignored. For query optimization  , a translation from UnQL to UnCAL is defined BDHS96  , which provides a formal basis for deriving optimization rewrite rules such as pushing selections down. Moreover  , most parallel or distributed query optimization techniques are limited to a heuristic exploration of the search space whereas we provide provably optimal plans for our problem setting. In the following we describe the two major components of our demonstration: 1 the validity range computation and CHECK placement  , and 2 the re-optimization of an example query. 13; however  , since most users are interested in the top-ranking documents only  , additional work may be necessary in order to modify the query optimization step accordingly. In this section  , we propose an object-oriented modeling of search systems through a class hierarchy which can be easily extended to support various query optimization search strategies. We notice that  , using the proposed optimization method  , the query execution time can be significantly improved in our experiments  , it is from 1.6 to 3.9 times faster. Whereas query engines for in-memory models are native and  , thus  , require native optimization techniques  , for triple stores with RDBMS back-end  , SPARQL queries are translated into SQL queries which are optimized by the RDBMS. When existing access structures give only partial support for an operation  , then dynamic optimization must be done to use the structures wisely. An ADT-method approach cannot identify common sub-expressions without inter-function optimization  , let alone take advantage of them to optimize query execution. For multiple queries  , multi-query optimization has been exploited by 11 to improve system throughput in the Internet and by 15 for improving throughput in TelegraphCQ. The novel optimization plan-space includes a variety of correlated and decorrelated executions of each subquery  , using VOLCANO's common sub-expression detection to prevent a blow-up in optimization complexity. The original method  , referred to as query prioritization QP   , cannot be used in our experiments because it is defined as a convex optimization that demands a set of initial judgments for all the queries. Note the importance of separating the optimization time from the execution time in interpreting these results. The diversity of search space is proportional to the number of different optimization rules which executed successfully during optimization. To perform optimization of a computation over a scientific database system  , the optimizer is given an expression consisting of logical operators on bulk data types. In this way  , the longer the optimization time a query is assigned  , the better the quality of the plan will be.2 Complex canned queries have traditionally been assigned high optimization cost because the high cost can be amortized over multiple runs of the queries. Therefore  , some care is needed when adding groupings to order optimization  , as a slowdown of plan generation would be unacceptable . Apart from the obvious advantage of speeding up optimization time  , PLASTIC also improves query execution efficiency because optimizers can now always run at their highest optimization level – the cost of such optimization is amortized over all future queries that reuse these plans. These five optimization problems have been solved for each of the 25 selected queries and for each run in the set of 30 selected runs  , giving a total of 5×25×30 = 3  , 750 optimization problems. In this section we present an overview of transformation based algebraic query optimization  , and show how the optimization of scientific computations fits into this framework. To overcome this problem  , parametric query optimization PQO optimizes a query into a number of candidate plans  , each optimal for some region of the parameter space CG94  , INSS92  , GK94  , Gan98. However  , a plan that is optimal can still be chosen as a victim to be terminated and restarted  , 2 dynamic query re-optimization techniques do not typically constrain the number of intermediate results to save and reuse  , and 3 queries are typically reoptimized by invoking the query optimizer with updated information. To tackle the problem  , we clean the graph before using it to compute query dissimilarity. In addition  , we show that incremental computation is possible for certain operations . Recent works have exploited such constraints for query optimization and schema matching purposes e.g. Flexible mechanisms for dynamically adjusting the size of query working spaces and cache areas are in place  , but good policies for online optimization are badly missing. The contributions in SV98 are complementary to our work in this paper. 27  introduces a rank-join operator that can be deployed in existing query execution interfaces. Let V denote the grouping attributes mentioned in the group by clause. We empirically show the benefits of plan refinement and the low overhead it adds to the cost of query optimization. We adopt a two-phase approach HS91 to parallel query optimization: JOQR followed by parallelization. A few proposals exist for evaluating transitive closures in distributed database systems 1 ,9 ,22 . l The image expression may be evaluated several times during the course of the query. Since vague queries occur most often in interactive systems  , short response times are essential. The associated rewrite rules exploit the fact that statements of a sequence are correlated. Section 3 shows that this approach also enables additional query optimization techniques. The implementation appeared to be outside the RDBMS  , however  , and there was not significant discussion of query optimization in this context. In Sections 2–4 we describe the steps of the BHUNT scheme in detail  , emphasizing applications to query optimization. Static shared dataflows We first show how NiagaraCQ's static shared plans are imprecise. This monotonicity declaration is used for conventional query optimization and for improving the user interface. In Section 2  , we model the search space  , which describes the query optimization problem and the associated cost model. The weights for major concepts and the sub concepts are 1.0 and 0.2  , respectively. The speedup is calculated as the query execution time when the optimization is not applied divided by the optimized time. have proposed a strategy for evaluating inductive queries and also a first step in the direction of query optimization. In addition to the usual query parsing  , query plan generation and query parallelization steps  , query optimization must also determine which DOP to choose and on which node to execute the query. It also summarizes related work on query optimization particularly focusing on the join ordering problem. We conclude with a discussion of open problems and future work. An approach to semantic query optimization using a translation into Datalog appears in 13  , 24. We envision three lines of future research. The remaining of this paper is structured as follows. Section 5 describes the impact of RAM incremental growths on the query execution model. Over all of the queries in our experiments the average optimization time was approximately 1/2 second. 10 modeled conditional probability distributions of various sensor attributes and introduced the notion of conditional plans for query optimization with correlated attributes. Moral: AQuery transformations bring substantial performance improvements  , especially when used with cost-based query optimization.   , s ,} The problem of parametric query optimization is to find the parametric optimal set of plans and the region of optimality for each parametric optimal plan. Ten years later  , the search landscape has greatly evolved. First  , our query optimization rules are based on optimizing XPath expressions over SQL/XML and object relational SQL. Furthermore. Schema knowledge is used to rewrite a query into a more efficient one. Next  , we turn our attention to query optimization. The module for query optimization and efficient reasoning is under development. For traditional relational databases  , multiplequery optimization 23 seeks to exhaustively find an optimal shared query plan. We can now formally define the query optimization problem solved in this paper. The second step consists of an optimization and translation phase. Section 4 deals with query evaluation and optimization. The size of our indexes is therefore significant  , and query optimization becomes more complex. The existing optimizers  , eg. query execution time. No term reweighting or query expansion methods were tried. The models and procedures described here are part of the query optimization. Meta query optimization. Whether or not the query can be unnested depends on the properties of the node-set . Several plans are identified and the optimal plan is selected. Section 2 formally defines the parametric query optimization problem and provides background material on polytopes. For more sophisticated rules  , cost functions were needed Sma97  to choose among many alternative query plans. A related approach is multi-query execution rather than optimization. 4.9  , DJ already maintains the minimal value of all primary keys in its own internal statistics for query optimization. In Section 2  , we provide some background information on XML query optimization and the XNav operator. Scientific data is commonly represented as a mesh. Their proposed technique can be independently applied on different parts of the query. sources on sort-merge join "   , and this metalink instance is deemed to have the importance sideway value of 0.8. sources on query optimization is viewing  , learning  , etc. Compiling SQL queries on XML documents presents new challenges for query optimization. Experiment 3 demonstrates how the valid-range can be used for optimization. This function can be easily integrated in the query optimization algorisms Kobayashi 19811. part of the scheduler to do multiple query optimization betwtcn the subqucries. Imposing a uniform limit on hot set size over all queries can be suboptimal. One is based on algebraic simplification of a query and compilr tinlc> heuristics. An experienced searcher was recruited to run the interactive query optimization test. However  , their optimization method is based on Eq. Thirdly  , the relational algebra relies on a simple yet powerful set of mathematical primitives. Figure 4summarizes the query performance for 4 queries of the LUBM. MIRACLE exploits some techniques used by the OR- ACLE Server for the query optimization a rule-based approach and an statistical approach. Section 4 addresses optimization issues in this RAM lower bound context. Second  , they provide more optimization opportunities. 9 exploits XQuery containment for query optimization. We use document-at-a-time scoring  , and explore several query optimization techniques. During the first pass the final output data is requested sorted by time. The mathematical problem formulation is given in Section 3. In the literature  , most researches in distributed database systems have been concentrated on query optimization   , concurrency control  , recovery  , and deadlock handling. In Section 6 we briefly survey the prior work that our system builds upon. We also plan to explore issues of post query optimization such as dynamic reconfiguration of execution plan at run time. In Section 4  , we give an illustrative example to explain different query evaluation strategies that the model offers. Figure 8depicts this optimization based on the XML document and query in Figure 4. The system returned the top 20 document results for each query. Query-performance predictors are used to evaluate the performance of permutations. The compiled query plan is optimized using wellknown relational optimization techniques such as costing functions and histograms of data distributions. If a DataGuide is to be useful for query formulation and especially optimization  , we must keep it consistent when the source database changes. An important optimization technique is to avoid sorting of subcomponents which are removed afterwards due to duplicate elimination. The other set of approaches is classified as loose coupling. Query optimization is a major issue in federated database systems. Since the early stages of relational database development   , query optimization has received a lot of at- tention. The translation and optimization proceeds in three steps. Besides  , in our current setting  , the preference between relevance and freshness is assumed to be only query-dependent. These specific technical problems are solved in the rest of the paper. This is a critical requirement in handling domain knowledge  , which has flexible forms. We examine only points in partitions that could contain points as good as the best solution. DB2 has separate parsers for SQL and XQuery statements   , but uses a single integrated query compiler for both languages. Many sources rank the objects in query results according to how well these objects match the original query. Additionally it can be used to perform other tasks such as query optimization in a distributed environment. The Postgres engine takes advantage of several Periscope/SQ Abstract Data Types ADTs and User-Defined Functions UDFs to execute the query plan. The optimization of Equation 7 is related to set cover  , but not straightforwardly. The Epoq approach to extensible query optimization allows extension of the collection of control strategies that can be used when optimizing a query 14. Above results are just examples from the case study findings to illustrate the potential uses of the proposed method. One important aspect of query optimization is to detect and to remove redundant operations  , i.e. Lots can be explored using me&data such as concept hierarchies  and discovered knowledge. At every region knowledge wurces are act ivatad consecutively completing alternative query evaluation plans. The resultant query tree is then given to the relational optimizer  , which generates the execution plan for the execution engine. The goal of such investigations is es- tablishing equivalent query constructs which is important for optimization. Contributions of R-SOX include: 1. Moreover  , translating a temporal query into a non-temporal one makes it more difficult to apply query optimization and indexing techniques particularly suited for temporal XML documents. Research on query optimization for SPARQL includes query rewriting 9 or basic reordering of triple patterns based on their selectivity 10. In particular  , M3 uses the statistics to estimate the cardinality of both The third strategy  , denoted M3 in what follows  , is a variant of M2 that employs full quad-based query optimization to reach a suitable physical query plan. More precisely  , we demonstrate features related to query rewriting  , and to memory management for large documents. At query optimization time  , the set of candidate indexes desirable for the query are recorded by augmenting the execution plan. Incorporate order in a declarative fashion to a query language using the ASSUMING clause built on SQL 92. Such models can be utilized to facilitate query optimization  , which is also an important topic to be studied. Originally  , query containment was studied for optimization of relational queries 9  , 33 . Suppose we can infer that a query subexpression is guaranteed to be symmetric. query optimization has the goal to find the 'best' query execution plan among all possible plans and uses a cost model to compare different plans. However  , it is important to optimize these tests further using compile-time query optimization techniques. For optimization  , MXQuery only implements a dozen of essential query rewrite rules such as the elimination of redundant sorts and duplicate elimination. Since OOAlgebra resembles the relational algebra   , the familiar relational query optimization techniques can be used. SEMCOG also maintains database statistics for query optimization and query reformulation facilitation. The most expensive lists to look at will be the ones dropped because of optimization. Second  , we describe a novel two-stage optimization technique for parameterized query expansion. The method for weight optimization is the same as that for query section weighting. Similarly   , automatic checking tools face a number of semidecidability or undecidability theoretical results. After rewriting  , the code generator translates the query graphs into C++ code. In fact  , V represents the query-intent relationships  , i.e. The conventional approach to query optimization is to pick a single efficient plan for a query  , based on statistical properties of the data along with other factors such as system conditions. This type of optimization does not require a strong DataGuide and was in fact suggested by NUWC97. In this case we require the optimizer to construct a table of compiled query plans. Section 3.3 describes this optimization. The optimizer's task is the translation of the expression generated by the parser into an equivalent expression that is cheaper to evaluate. For example  , V1 may store some tuples that should not contribute to the query  , namely from item nodes lacking mail descendants. Work on frameworks for providing cost information and on developing cost models for data sources is  , of course  , highly relevant. Enhanced query optimizers have to take conditional coalescing rules into consideration as well. In this method  , subqueries and answers are kept in main memory to reduce costs. This query is a variant of the query used earlier to measure the performance of a sequence scan. During execution of the SQL query  , the nested SE &UIN expression is evaluated just as any other function would be. Note  , however  , that the problem studied here is not equivalent to that of query containment. Well-known query optimization strategies CeP84 push selections down to the leaves of a query tree. It is important to understand the basic differences between our scenario and a traditional centralized setting which also has query operators characterized by costs and selectivities. In contrast to MBIS the schema is not fixed and does not need to be specified  , but is determined by the underlying data sources. In this paper  , we make a first step to consider all phases of query optimization in RDF repositories. Then  , we will investigate on optimization by using in-memory storage for the hash tables  , in order to decrease the query runtimes. The join over the subject variable will be less expensive and the optimization eventually lead to better query performance. A set of cursor options is selected randomly by the query generator. To improve the XML query execution speed  , we extract the data of dblp/inproceedings  , and add two more elements: review and comments. portant drawbacks with lineage for information exchange and query optimization using views. Reordering the operations in a conventional relational DBMS to an equivalent but more efficient form is a common technique in query optimization. We call this the irrelevant index set optimization. The numhcr  , placement  , and effective use of data copies is an important design prohlem that is clearly intcrdcpcndent with query optimization and data allocation. In general  , constraints and other such information should flow across the query optimization interfaces. General query optimization is infeasible. for each distinct value combination of all the possible run-time parameters. Optimization of this query plan presents further difficulties. medium-or coarse-grained locking  , limited support for queries  , views  , constraints  , and triggers  , and weak subsets of SQL with limited query optimization. First  , expressing the " nesting " predicate .. Kim argued that query 2 was in a better form for optimization  , because it allows the optimizer to consider more strategies. The advantages of STAR-based query optimization are detailed in Loh87. Perhaps surprisingly  , transaction rates are not problematic. We used the same computer for all retrieval experiments. 33  proposed an optimization strategy for query expansion methods that are based on term similarities such as those computed based on WordNet. In this section we evaluate the performance of the DARQ query engine. The optimization of the query of Figure 1illustrated this. Section 7 presents our conclusions  , a comparison with related work  , and some directions for future research. The top layer consists of the optimizer/query compiler component. The solution to this problem also has applications in " traditional " query optimization MA83 ,UL82. But  , to our best knowledge  , no commercial RDBMS covers all major aspects of the AP technology. Fernandez and Dan Suciu 13 propose two query optimization techniques to rewrite a given regular path expression into another query that reduces the scope of navigation. This query is optimized to improve execution; currently  , TinyDB only considers the order of selection predicates during optimization as the existing version does not support joins.  For non-recursive data  , DTD-based optimizations can remove all DupElim and hash-based operators. But  , the choice of right index structures was crucial for efficient query execution over large databases. For the purposes of this example we assume that there is a need to test code changes in the optimization rules framework. It is important to point out their connection since semantic query optimization has largely been ignored in view maintenance literature. The stratum approach does not depend on a particular XQuery engine. Database queries are optimized based on cost models that calculate costs for query plans. Lack of Strategies for Applying Possibly Overlapping Optimization Techniques. So  , the query offers opportunities for optimization. Note that the query is not optimized consecutively otherwise it is no different from existing techniques. Furthermore  , the rules discovered can be used for querying database knowledge  , cooperative query answering and semantic query optimization. TTnfortllllat.ely  , query optimization of spatial data is different from that of heterogeneous databases because of the cost function. That means the in memory operation account for significant part in the evaluation cost and requires further work for optimization. This is an open question and may require further research. The query is then passed on to Postgres for relational optimization and execution . Optimization is done by evaluating query fimess after each round of mutations and selecting the " most fit " to continue to the next generation. An optimization available on megaplans is to coalesce multiple query plans into a single composite query plan. The rule/goal graph approach does not take advantage of existing DBMS optimization. To select query terms  , the document frequencies of terms must be established to compute idf s before signature file access. In the current version of IRO-DB  , the query optimizer applies simple heuristics to detach subqueries that are sent to the participating systems. Routines within Kleisli manage optimization  , query evaluation  , and I/O from remote and local data sources.  the query optimization problem under the assumption that each call to a conjunctive solver has unit cost and that the only set operation allowed is union. Most important is the development of effective and realistic cost functions for inductive query evaluation and their use in query optimization. The first optimization is to suggest associated popular query terms to the user corresponding to a search query. However  , we believe that the optimization of native SPARQL query engines is  , nevertheless   , an important issue for an efficient query evaluation on the Semantic Web. Thus  , optimization may reduce the space requirements to Se114 of the nonoptimized case  , where Se1 is the selectivity factor of the query. the resulting query plan can be cached and re-used exactly the way conventional query plans are cached. Extended Datalog is a query language enabling query optimization but it does not have the full power of a programming language.  Order-Preserving Degree OPD: This metric is tailored to query optimization and measures how well Comet preserves the ordering of query costs. We continue with another iteration of query optimization and data allocation to see if a better solution can be found. SQL Query Optimization with E-ADT expressions: We have seen that E-ADT expressions can dominate the cost of an SQL query. The X-axis shows the number of levels of nesting in each query  , while the Y-axis shows the query execution time. However  , a clever optimization of interpreted techniques known as query/sub-query has been developped at ECRC Vieille86 . 4  , 5 proposed using statistics on query expressions to facilitate query optimization. This capability is crucial for many different data management tasks such as data modeling   , data integration  , query formulation  , query optimization  , and indexing. Likewise query rewrite and optimization is more complex for XML queries than for relational queries. We also briefly discuss how the expand operator can be used in query optimization when there are relations with many duplicates. Therefore  , many queries execute selection operations on the base relations before executing other  , more complex operations. In 13   , the query containment problem under functional dependencies and inclusion dependencies is studied. In 22   , a scheme for utilizing semantic integrity constraints in query optimization  , using a graph theoretic approach  , is presented. Users do not have to possess knowledge about the database semantics  , and the query optimieer takes this knowledge into account to generate Semantic query optimization is another form of automated programming. Thus  , cost functions used by II heavily influence what remote servers i.e. However  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. The proposed method yielded two major innovations: inclusive query planning  , and query optimization. We can see that the transformation times for optimized queries increase with query complexity from around 300 ms to 2800ms. To reduce execution costs we introduced basic query optimization for SPARQL queries. In query optimization mode  , BHUNT automatically partitions the data into " normal " data and " exception " data. Relational query optimization  , however  , impacts XQuery semantics and introduces new challenges. Another approach to extensible query optimization using the rules of a grammar to construct query plans is described in Lo88. On the other hand  , database systems provide many query optimization features  , thereby contributing positively to query response time. We have generalized the notion of convex sets or version spaces to represent sets of higher dimensions. This includes the grouping specified by the group by clause of the query  , if any exists.  A thread added to lock one of the two involved tables If the data race happens  , the second query will use old value in query cache and return wrong value while not aware of the concurrent insert from another client. Our experiments show that query-log alone is often inadequate  , combining query-logs  , web tables and transitivity in a principled global optimization achieves the best performance. The well-known inherent costs of query optimization are compounded by the fact that a query submitted to the database system is typically optimized afresh  , providing no opportunity to amortize these overheads over prior optimizations . The inclusive query planning idea is easier to exploit since its outcome  , the representation of the available query tuning space  , can also be exploited in experiments on best-match IR systems. But in parametric query optimization  , we need to handle cost functions in place of costs  , and keep track of multiple plans  , along with their regions of optimality  , for each query/subexpression. At query execution time  , when the actual parameter values are known  , an appropriate plan can be chosen from the set of candidates  , which can be much faster than reoptimizing the query. For each relation in a query  , we record one possible transmission between the relation and the site of every other relation in the query  , and an additional transmission to the query site. Query compilation produces a single query plan for both relational and XML data accesses  , and the overall query tree is optimized as a whole.  Set special query cache flags. The query cache is a common optimization for database server to cache previous query re- sults. The query optimizer shuffles operators around in the query tree to produce a faster execution plan  , which may evaluate different parts of the query plan in any order considered to be correct from the relational viewpoint. As the accuracy of any query optimizer is dependent on the accuracy of its statistics  , for this application we need to accurately estimate both the segment and overall result selectivities. Consequently  , all measurements reported here are for compiled query plan execution i.e. Figure 5shows the DAG that results from binary scoring assuming independent predicate scoring for the idf scores of the query in Figure 3. Hence the discussion here outlines techniques that allow us to apply optimizations to more queries. The conventional approach to query optimization is to examine each query in isolation and select the execution plan with the minimal cost based on some predcfincd cost flmction of I0 and CPU requirements to execute the query S&79. Note that our optimization techniques will never generate an incorrect query — they will either not apply in which case we will generate the naive query or they will apply and will generate a query expected to be more efficient than the naive query. If alternative QGM representations are plausible depending upon their estimated cost  , then all such alternative QGMs are passed to Plan Optimization to be evaluated  , joined by a CHOOSE operator which instructs the optimizer to pick the least-cost alternative. Further  , the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. The optimization prohlem then uses the response time from the queueing model to solve for an improved solution. Yet another important advantage is that the benefits of " plan hints "   , a common technique for influencing optimizer plan choices for specific queries  , automatically percolate to the entire set of queries that are associated with this plan. As optimizers based on bottom-up Zou97  , HK+97  , JMP97 and top-down Ce96  , Gra96 search strategies are both extensible Lo88  , Gra95 and in addition the most frequently used in commercial DBMSs  , we have concentrated our research on the suitability of these two techniques for parallel query optimization. In Tables 8 and 9 we do not see any improvement in preclslon at low recall as the optimization becomes more aggressive. Once we have added appropriate indexes and statistics to our graph-based data model  , optimizing the navigational path expressions that form the basis of our query language does resemble the optimization problem for path expressions in object-oriented database systems  , and even to some extent the join optimization problem in relational systems. In this paper  , we present a new architecture for query optimization  , based on a blackbonrd xpprowh  , which facilitates-in combination with a building block  , bottom-up arrscrnbling approach and early aqxeasiruc~~l. Although catalog management schemes are of great practical importance with respect to the site auton- omy 14  , query optimization 15  , view management l  , authorization mechanism 22   , and data distribution transparency 13  , the performance comparison of various catalog management schemes has received relatively little attention 3  , 181. Using the QGM representation of the query as input  , Plan Optimization then generates and models the cost of alternative plans  , where each plan is a procedural sequence of LOLEPOPs for executing the query. Ignoring optimization cost is no longer reasonable if the space of all possible execution plans is very large as those encountered in SQOS as well as in optimization of queries with a large number of joins. Some of the issues to consider are: isolation levels repeatable read  , dirty read  , cursor stability  , access path selection table scan  , index scan  , index AND/ORing MHWC90  , Commit_LSN optimization Mohan90b  , locking granularity record  , page  , table  , and high concurrency as a query optimization criterion. The optimization techniques being currently implemented in our system are : the rewriting of the FT 0 words into RT o   , a generalization of query modification in order to minimize the number of transitions appearing in the query PCN  , the transformation of a set of database updates into an optimized one as SellisgS does  , and the " push-up " of the selections. -The optimizer can use the broad body of knowledge developed for the optimization of relational calculus and relational algebra queries see  JaKo85  for a survey and further literature. Let us mathematically formulate the problem of multi-objective optimization in database retrieval and then consider typical sample applications for information systems: Multi-objective Retrieval: Given a database between price  , efficiency and quality of certain products have to be assessed  Personal preferences of users requesting a Web service for a complex task have to be evaluated to select most appropriate services Also in the field of databases and query optimization such optimization problems often occur like in 22 for the choice of query plans given different execution costs and latencies or in 19 for choosing data sources with optimized information quality. The optimization problem can be solved by employing existing optimization techniques  , the computation details of which  , though tedious  , are rather standard and will not be presented here. It is not our goal in this paper to analyze optimization techniques for on-disk models and  , hence  , we are not going to compare inmemory and on-disk models. Queries over Changing Attributes -The attributes involved in optimization queries can vary based on the iteration of the query. In this paper we present a general framework to model optimization queries. As such  , the framework can be used to measure page access performance associated with using different indexes and index types to answer certain classes of optimization queries  , in order to determine which structures can most effectively answer the optimization query type. Each query was executed in three ways: i using a relational database to store the Web graph  , ii using the S-Node representation but without optimization  , and iii using S- Node with cluster-based optimization. The purpose of this example is not to define new optimization heuristics or propose new optimization strategies. Formulation A There are 171 separate optimization problems  , each one identical to the traditional  , nonparametric case with a different F vector: VP E  ?r find SO E S s.t. However  , the discussion of optimization using a functional or text index is beyond the scope of this paper. The leftmost point is for pure IPC and the rightmost for pure OptPFD. Our optimization strategies are provably good in some scenarios  , and serve as good heuristics for other scenarios where the optimization problem is NP-hard. In addition to considering when such views are usable in evaluating a query  , they suggest how to perform this optimization in a cost-based fashion. The results also shows how our conservative local heuristic sharply reduces the overhead of optimization under varying distributions. However   , the materialized views considered by all of the above works are traditional views expressed in SQL. Note that even our recipes that do not exploit this optimization outperform the optimized VTK program and the optimized SQL query. Some of the papers on query evaluation mentioned in section 4.2 consider this problem. Concerning query optimization  , existing approaches  , such as predicate pushdown U1188 and pullup HS93  , He194  , early and late aggregation c.f. Putting these together   , the ADT-method approach is unable to apply optimization techniques that could result in overall performance improvements of approximately two orders of magnitude! Traditional query optimization uses an enumerative search strategy which considers most of the points in the solution space  , but tries to reduce the solution space by applying heuristics. We have chosen not do use dynamic optimization to avoid high overhead of optimization at runtime. Our approach exploits knowledge from different areas and customizes these known concepts to the needs of the object-oriented data models. The major contribution of this paper is an extension of SA called Toured Simulated Annealing TSA  , to better deal with parallel query optimization. In this way  , after two optimization calls we obtain both the best hypothetical plan when all possible indexes are present and the best " executable " plan that only uses available indexes. We describe our evaluation below  , including the platform on which we ran our experiments  , the test collections and query sets used  , the performance measured. In the following  , we focus on such an instantiation   , namely we employ as optimization goal the coverage of all query terms by the retrieved expert group. In this optimization  , we transform the QTree itself. Our ideas are implemented in the DB2 family. We performed experiments to 1 validate our design choices in the physical implementation and 2 to determine whether algebraic optimization techniques could improve performance over more traditional solutions. Since the execution space is the union of the exccution spaces of the equivalent queries  , we can obtain the following simple extension to the optimization al- gorithm: 1. In the next Section we discuss the problem of LPT query optimization where we import the polynomial time solution for tree queries from Ibaraki 841 to this general model of  ,optimization. This is necessary to allow for both extensibility and the leverage of a large body of related earlier work done by the database research community. The second issue  , the optimization of virtual graph patterns inside an IMPRECISE clause  , can be addressed with similarity indexes to cache repeated similarity computations—an issue which we have not addressed so far. The goal is to keep the number of records Note that optimizing a query by transforming one boolean qualification into another one is a dynamic optimization that should be done in the user-to- LSL translator. It is the translator  , not the LSL interpreter  , which can easily view the entire boolean qualification so as to make such an optimization. The results with and without the pipelining optimization are shown in Figure 17. Besides these works on optimizer architectures  , optimization strategies for both traditional and " nextgeneration " database systems are being developed. This makes the framework appropriate for applications and domains where a number of different functions are being optimized or when optimization is being performed over different constrained regions and the exact query parameters are not known in advance. In summary  , navigation profiles offer significant opportunities for optimization of query execution  , regardless of whether the XML view is defined by a standard or by the application. This example illustrates the applicability of algebraic query optimization to real scientific computations  , and shows that significant performance improvements can result from optimization. Experimental results have shown that the costs for order optimization can have a large impact on the total costs of query optimization 3. Parallel optimization is made difficult by the necessary trade-off between optimization cost and quality of the generated plans the latter translates into query execution cost. In Section 3  , we show how our query and optimization engine are used in BBQ to answer a number of SQL queries  , 2 Though these initial observations do consume some energy up-front  , we will show that the long-run energy savings obtained from using a model will be much more significant. The basic idea behind our approach is similar in spirit to the one proposed by Hammcr5 and KingS for knowledge-based query optimization  , in the sense that we are also looking for optimization by semantic transformation. Other types of optimizations such as materialized view selection or multi-query optimization are orthogonal to scan-related performance improvements and are not examined in this paper. The horizontal optimization specializes the case rules of a typeswitch expression with respect to the possible types of the operand expression. This optimization problem is NP-hard  , which can be proved by a reduction from the Multiway Cut problem 3 . What differentiates MVPP optimization with traditional heuristic query optimization is that in an MVPP several queries can share some After each MVPP is derived  , we have to optimize it by pushing down the select and project operations as far as possible. The relation elimination proposed by Shenoy and Ozsoyoglu SO87 and the elimination of an unnecessary join described by Sun and Yu SY94 are very similar to the one that we use in our transformations. 11 ,12 a lot of research on query optimization in the context of databases and federated information systems. The introduction of an ER schema for the database improves the optimization that can be performed on GraphLog queries for example  , by exploiting functional dependencies as suggested in 25  , This means that the engineer can concentrate on the correct formulation of the query and rely on automatic optimization techniques to make it execute efficiently. For practical reasons we limited the scalability and optimization research to full text information re-trieval IR  , but we intend to extent the facilities to full fledged multimedia support. This study has also been motivated by recent results on flexible buffer allocation NFSSl  , FNSSl.