To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . For Spam data set  , we give classification accuracies for each user inbox. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. There are several avenues for future work. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. shtml. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . Performance Data. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word.