In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: 1  , " EconStor Results " . For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . The edge density of this group is 0.476. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. f Xanga web-link categories The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. 12. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. com. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 07 and the participant's papers for details. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. 4 and is not applicable here. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. and was called MEDLEE. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. Knowledge enrichment. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Other work Ottoni et al. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. Generalizability – Transferability. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . The category of each community is defined on Orkut. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Queries are automatically expanded before search. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Most participants were from North America or Europe. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . Spertus et al. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. which is a global quantity but measured locally. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. OpenStreetMap OSM. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Nasehi et al. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. The GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. Textual memes. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Intuitively  , this makes sense. Data Collection and Cleaning. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Choi et al. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. EM algorithm. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. and WT2g. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. There are several avenues for future work. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. We describe details below. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The Item_basic data service is read-only. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Quora. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. c TripAdvisor. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. , Walmart  , McDonald's . Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . entity. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. , age > m is 0. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web.