The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. , BlogPulse and Technorati. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. f Xanga web-link categories To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. concludes this paper. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. 07 and the participant's papers for details. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. 4 and is not applicable here. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Deduction rules. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. Knowledge enrichment. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Other work Ottoni et al. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. We prepare two datasets for experiments. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. OpenStreetMap. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. OpenStreetMap OSM. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Relative importance of motivational factors. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. 3. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. Textual memes. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . Data Collection and Cleaning. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Choi et al. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. EM algorithm. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. We evaluate our method on three data sets belonging to three different application areas -spam filtering  , movie review   , and SRAA. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " and WT2g. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Applications of social influence in social media. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . 12. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. the various categories. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Quora. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. , Walmart  , McDonald's . Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Training corpus changes. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Qi et al. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. We analyzed two affiliation networks. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. exact string match  , normalised string match. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information.