Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. While pull-based development e.g. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. Awareness. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. , age > m is 0. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. The Stack Overflow ! Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Projections. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. EM algorithm. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Example 2. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Data sets. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. , BlogPulse and Technorati. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. 1. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. 3 The project has been collecting data since February 2012. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. Qi et al. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16.  Number of reported bugs. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. To create the user graph cf. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. We review related work in TDT briefly here. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. 24 The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. concludes this paper. Overflow.