Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. Orkut. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. entity. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Datasets. Orkut is a general purpose social network. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Orkut also offers friend relationship. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. 5. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. Section 4 describes our implementation. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. His visual fields are intact. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Thus both clusters are left intact. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. meet the soft deadline. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. We divide our experiments into two parts. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Information for this result can be found in 8. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances.