To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. IV. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. Large Linked Datasets. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. We describe details below. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Quora. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. Which identities benefit the most ? '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. Selection Criteria. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. From Fig. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Garcia et al. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. Section 6 summarizes related work. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Answers while others could be more general e.g. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. Selecting Applications. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. shtml. Deduction rules. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. Orkut. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. , 2012. In Fig. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. , Feng et al. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. We divide our experiments into two parts. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Orkut also offers friend relationship. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. , those who the user follows. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. This section of the schema is not mandatory. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled .