The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: 1  , " EconStor Results " . The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. f Xanga web-link categories To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. 12. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. concludes this paper. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 07 and the participant's papers for details. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. 4 and is not applicable here. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. and was called MEDLEE. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. ing monthly harvest of fruits. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Other work Ottoni et al. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. We prepare two datasets for experiments. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Orkut also offers friend relationship.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. OpenStreetMap OSM. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Relative importance of motivational factors. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. Textual memes. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. 3. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Choi et al. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. Experimental results. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. EM algorithm. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Applications of social influence in social media. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. the various categories. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Quora. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. , age > m is 0. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web.