These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Data Collection and Cleaning. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site.