We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. Queries are automatically expanded before search. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. 1  , " EconStor Results " . Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. Relative importance of motivational factors. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. concludes this paper. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. 5. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Quora. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Query-side ontological propagation. Table 1. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Generalizability – Transferability. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. Status We measure status in three ways. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. Performance Data. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Orkut also offers friend relationship.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. An example is provided in Figure 2. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. which is a global quantity but measured locally. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . OpenStreetMap OSM. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. Textual memes. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . The rest of the order was preserved intact. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. </narrative> </topic> We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Data Collection and Cleaning. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Organization and contributions. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. Recently  , Popescu et al. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . Krizhevsky et al. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. Xanga. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. and WT2g. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Applications of social influence in social media. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. author  , and action e.g. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. OpenStreetMap. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. are ignored i.e. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. com. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. , Walmart. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Information for this result can be found in 8. IV. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. There are several avenues for future work. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. However. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. 12. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval.