For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. were detailed earlier in this document. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. His visual fields are intact. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. Thus both clusters are left intact. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. Generalizability – Transferability. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. 4  , Requirement 15. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . 7 . So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Experimental results. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. Selection Criteria. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Awareness. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. Neurological: He is awake and alert. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. dmoz.org. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. Through Github facilities. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. EM algorithm. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. Overflow. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. 1. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Example. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. This section of the schema is not mandatory. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. User lifespan. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. 5. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. in two different ways. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We list them here to explain our study design. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. shtml. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. Pull Requests in Github. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Section 6 summarizes related work. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . 3.3. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty.