For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. , Walmart due to their low cost. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. , Walmart  , McDonald's . , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. , BlogPulse and Technorati. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market.