Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , . While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. Table 1. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. Park et al. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. Recently  , Popescu et al. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. Amza et al. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. 7 . Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. Applications of social influence in social media. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties.