It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. concludes this paper. Orkut. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest.