Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Mainstream Media Collection. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. </narrative> </topic> This ensures that users can access the resource itself. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. IV. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. Thus both clusters are left intact. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Fig. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. Information for this result can be found in 8. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. Full-life view for users in Reddit. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. Quora. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. There are several avenues for future work. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. His visual fields are intact. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. Overflow. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. 5. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models.  Number of reported bugs. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. In Fig. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. Section 4 describes our implementation. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. Collections. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. Large Linked Datasets. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. , Walmart. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. There are a number of future directions for this work. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. Recently  , Popescu et al. From Fig. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. We observe similar trends in Quora. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike.