Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. Selection Criteria. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. 5. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. Awareness. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Thus both clusters are left intact. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. , biblio. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. About 300 training documents were available per topic. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Information for this result can be found in 8. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. Xanga. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. Data Collection and Cleaning. meet the soft deadline. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. In Fig. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. Large Linked Datasets. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. 3 We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. We recall that experienced community members viz. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. In total  , there are 44 features. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. author  , and action e.g. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. Selecting Applications. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. in two different ways. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. 4. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . There are 106 queries in the collection. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives.