BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. WikiWars. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . This strategy is also more in line with intuition. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. Prolific Developers. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. 4. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. , biblio. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Training Label Set Y0. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. From Fig. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. We highlight our contributions and key results below. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. WebKB. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Neurological: He is awake and alert. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. Generalizability – Transferability. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. , Walmart  , McDonald's . The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. 9. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. The Item_basic data service is read-only. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. These values are rather low. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. , FC7. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. We provide more evidence of this below. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. ACSys made that data available in two ways. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. 4  , Requirement 15. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. Large Linked Datasets. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. 3.3. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. 6 However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data.