The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. E.g. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. To create the user graph cf. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. , FC7. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. 7 . We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. We prepare two datasets for experiments. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Section 6 summarizes related work. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " .  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. which is a global quantity but measured locally. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. We analyzed two affiliation networks. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. Dataset. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. These values are rather low. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. 4 and is not applicable here. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. 24 We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. Intuitively  , this makes sense. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. We begin by giving an overview of related work. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions.