In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. The edge density of this group is 0.476. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. , fbis8T and fbis8L. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. Section 4 describes our implementation. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. entity. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. com. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. 4 and is not applicable here. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. Example. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. Applications of social influence in social media. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. Knowledge enrichment. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. We start by building a pairwise classification model using linear kernel SVM 4 20 We randomly sample 80 ,000 pairs of tweets from the RepLab 2013 training dataset  , keeping the true and false classes balanced. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. 07 and the participant's papers for details. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. We review related work in TDT briefly here. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. 2007URLs. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Recently  , Popescu et al. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. Table 1. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. We prepare two datasets for experiments. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. Queries are automatically expanded before search. OpenStreetMap. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Most participants were from North America or Europe. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Full-life view for users in Reddit. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. E.g. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. OpenStreetMap OSM. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. Section 6 summarizes related work. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Answers and Quora. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Textual memes. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Spertus et al. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. In total  , there are 44 features. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. Intuitively  , this makes sense. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. We evaluate our method on three data sets belonging to three different application areas -spam filtering  , movie review   , and SRAA. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Quora. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. , mediaeval history. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Generalizability – Transferability. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. To create the user graph cf. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. 12. We list them here to explain our study design. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. are ignored i.e. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. 1  , " EconStor Results " . This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Neurological: He is awake and alert. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. , 7. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Ontological propagation. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. The Item_basic data service is read-only. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10.  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Training corpus changes. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. The second run is with synonyms. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. , age > m is 0. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume.