The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. Intuitively  , this makes sense. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. 12. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. User lifespan. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Craigslist. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Quora. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. 14. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. Query-side ontological propagation. Table 1. Edge Density. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. Generalizability – Transferability. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. Status We measure status in three ways. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. </narrative> </topic> First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. Amza et al. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. Garcia et al. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. E.g. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . OpenStreetMap OSM. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Relative importance of motivational factors. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. The rest of the order was preserved intact. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " 3. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Textual memes. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. entity. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Organization and contributions. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. Experimental results. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. Recently  , Popescu et al. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. , Walmart. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. , those who the user follows. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. There are several avenues for future work. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. the various categories. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. OpenStreetMap. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. This section of the schema is not mandatory. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. The Item_basic data service is read-only. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. 5. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Information for this result can be found in 8. IV. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. concludes this paper. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. However. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. We analyzed two affiliation networks. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval.