The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. 1  , " EconStor Results " . For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. shtml. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Applications of social influence in social media. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. 12. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " We describe details below. com. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 07 and the participant's papers for details. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. Deduction rules. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. ing monthly harvest of fruits. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. Other work Ottoni et al. Table 1. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Collections. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. Status We measure status in three ways. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. OpenStreetMap. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Most participants were from North America or Europe. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. "  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. OpenStreetMap OSM. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Textual memes. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. , disk. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Intuitively  , this makes sense. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. Experimental results. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. Recently  , Popescu et al. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. We review related work in TDT briefly here. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. and provide similar products and services e.g. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. f Xanga web-link categories compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. We evaluate our method on three data sets belonging to three different application areas -spam filtering  , movie review   , and SRAA. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. , Walmart. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. author  , and action e.g. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. There are several avenues for future work. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. are ignored i.e. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. the various categories. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. This section of the schema is not mandatory. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Quora. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. c TripAdvisor. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. However. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web.