In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. 2. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. 1  , " EconStor Results " . The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . author  , and action e.g. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Dataset. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . However. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. , BlogPulse and Technorati. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. 4. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment.