, via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. While pull-based development e.g. Through Github facilities. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. We recall that experienced community members viz. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. , disk. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. The rest of the order was preserved intact. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Projections. Spertus et al. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. for functional languages — would be less justified. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. Dataset. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. .  For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. Data Collection and Cleaning. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. Performance Data. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. His visual fields are intact. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Orkut also offers friend relationship. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Orkut is a general purpose social network. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Question Topics. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. In Fig. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. 3 We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. 5. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3.  Number of reported bugs. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq.