Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. An example is provided in Figure 2. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. 6 Nasdaq. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. Through Github facilities. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. Selection Criteria. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies.