In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. 1  , " EconStor Results " . Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. E.g. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. f Xanga web-link categories The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. 12. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 07 and the participant's papers for details. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. 4 and is not applicable here. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Example. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. ing monthly harvest of fruits. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Other work Ottoni et al. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type.  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . The category of each community is defined on Orkut. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Prolific Developers. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. Orkut also offers friend relationship. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. Queries are automatically expanded before search. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . Spertus et al. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. OpenStreetMap OSM. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Nasehi et al. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. We highlight our contributions and key results below. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . Data Collection and Cleaning. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. Choi et al. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. EM algorithm. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . Through Github facilities. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. , Walmart. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. , mediaeval history. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Generalizability – Transferability. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . Similarly  , Radinsky et al. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. Amza et al. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. We describe details below. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The Item_basic data service is read-only. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. Quora. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. , 7. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. Query-side ontological propagation. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. editors  , actors and CEOs. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. The error bars are standard errors of the means. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume.