In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. , fbis8T and fbis8L. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. we did not filter based on the concept scores. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. exact string match  , normalised string match. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. Queries are automatically expanded before search. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. , 2012. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. link to a KB task. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES.