Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. are ignored i.e. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. Failure case. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. Section 4 describes our implementation. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. Choi et al. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. About 300 training documents were available per topic. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. , BlogPulse and Technorati. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. link to a KB task. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Query-side ontological propagation. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. dmoz.org. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Craigslist. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. meet the soft deadline. The second run is with synonyms. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. Deduction rules. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. . 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. Nasdaq. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. This section of the schema is not mandatory. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. Training corpus changes. Fig. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. and was called MEDLEE. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Maintenance. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? There are 106 queries in the collection. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. We observe similar trends in Quora. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. We highlight our contributions and key results below. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. 12. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . From Fig. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 :