The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. Pyramid. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. Intuitively  , this makes sense. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. , BlogPulse and Technorati. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. shtml. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Applications of social influence in social media. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " We describe details below. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. User lifespan. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. Quora. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. 14. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. Table 1. Edge Density. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. Status We measure status in three ways. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. </narrative> </topic> First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents .  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , The edge density of this group is 0.476. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. OpenStreetMap OSM. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Relative importance of motivational factors. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Textual memes. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. The rest of the order was preserved intact. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. entity. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. , disk. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " 3. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " Experimental results. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. Selecting Applications. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. Recently  , Popescu et al. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. We review related work in TDT briefly here. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. and provide similar products and services e.g. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. We start by building a pairwise classification model using linear kernel SVM 4 20 We randomly sample 80 ,000 pairs of tweets from the RepLab 2013 training dataset  , keeping the true and false classes balanced. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. f Xanga web-link categories compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. , Walmart. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. , those who the user follows. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. Training Label Set Y0. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. author  , and action e.g. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. the various categories. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. Collections. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Park et al. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. 5. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Information for this result can be found in 8. IV. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . There are several avenues for future work. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. However. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. 12. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information.