We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. There are 106 queries in the collection.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. We review related work in TDT briefly here. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. An example is provided in Figure 2. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. Data sets. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . dmoz.org. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis.