The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Datasets. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Krizhevsky et al. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information.