In this way  , the global schema remains intact. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. Table 1 User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. 07 and the participant's papers for details. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. BRIGHTKITE. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. Neurological: He is awake and alert. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. While pull-based development e.g. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. concludes this paper. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. Selecting Applications. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. IV. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. f Xanga web-link categories This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. entity. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. dmoz.org. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W.  Number of reported bugs. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Section 4 describes our implementation. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available.