One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. We provide more evidence of this below. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Chafkin 2012. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. 4. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. Which identities benefit the most ? In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . Knowledge enrichment. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. Example. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Relative importance of motivational factors. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods.