In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. Amza et al. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. link to a KB task. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. Deduction rules. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. Orkut is a general purpose social network. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Through Github facilities. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . While pull-based development e.g. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. WebKB. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts.   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. meet the soft deadline. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. The We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. shtml. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. We prepare two datasets for experiments. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Garcia et al. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. 3.3. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. Section 4 describes our implementation. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. EM algorithm. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Technorati. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. , biblio. , those who the user follows. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. We review related work in TDT briefly here. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem.