We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. In total  , there are 44 features. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. Choi et al. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. 1  , " EconStor Results " . When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. </narrative> </topic> Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Dataset. on the basis of scholarly usage. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. Orkut also offers friend relationship. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. Overflow. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. OpenStreetMap. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. Hilliness. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. 2. These values are rather low. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. Ontological propagation. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. exact string match  , normalised string match. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. are ignored i.e. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. We now turn to the experiments on the Topic Detection Task. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. , Walmart  , McDonald's . f Xanga web-link categories Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. in two different ways. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. Krizhevsky et al. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. link to a KB task. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. Therefore  , we compare our approach with two competitive systems from RepLab 2013:  Best RepLab 34. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. We start by building a pairwise classification model using linear kernel SVM 4 20 We randomly sample 80 ,000 pairs of tweets from the RepLab 2013 training dataset  , keeping the true and false classes balanced. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. Experimental results. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm.