Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. We highlight our contributions and key results below. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. f Xanga web-link categories The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda.