GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Chafkin 2012. IV. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. Amza et al. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. </narrative> </topic> In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. , biblio. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. , Walmart due to their low cost. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. , those who the user follows. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. Question Topics. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: Data sets. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Overflow. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. , Walmart  , McDonald's . 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. "