It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. , 2012. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. The edge density of this group is 0.476. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. Deduction rules. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. Detailed results are also provided 1112 .