The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. Pyramid. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " .  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Density 20 for a network with edges E and vertices V is defined as: 1  , " EconStor Results " . Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Zhu  , Kraut  , and Kittur 2014 examine community survival as a function of multiple memberships within Wikia communities. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. f Xanga web-link categories Projections. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. The association between document records and references is the basis for a classical citation database. of patents and documents in a weighted way. Depending on the application  , the number of messages per second ranges from several to thousands. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. In 3 the following TDT tasks have been identified: First is the segmentation task  , i. e.  , segmenting a continuous stream of text into its several stories. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. For example  , a DNS-based Our experiment showed high reliability for archiving using NNTP. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. com. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. It embeds conceptual graph statements into HTML pages. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. 07 and the participant's papers for details. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. The publication of the OpenStreetMap data using Triplify adds a completely new dimension to the Data Web: spatial data can be retrieved and interlinked on an unprecedented level of granularity. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. and was called MEDLEE. Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq.  industry sector 2 The task is to classify webpages according to a hierarchy of industrial sectors 4 ,582 instances. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. ChemXSeer relies on a highly complex process extracting chemical formulas in an automated way out of 150000 RSC publications and links them to the documents 1  , 2. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. ing monthly harvest of fruits. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Other work Ottoni et al. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is rather a little helper like our earlier OntoPad 12  , 5 than a full fledged annotation environment. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. As the histogram shows  , relevant documents per topic are quite sparse  , restricting the number of feedback iterations possible with stable evaluation. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. It aims to pave the way for an inclusion of usage-based metrics into the toolset used for the assessment of scholarly impact and move the domain beyond the longestablished and often disputed IF. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . Understanding the interactions on Q&A websites  , such as Stack Overflow  , will shed light on the information needs of programmers outside closed project contexts and will enable recommendations on how individuals  , companies and tools can leverage knowledge on Q&A websites. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. Generalizability – Transferability. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. To boost performance  , we automatically extracted training data from the corpus using the corpus' existing metadata. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Figure 14shows this underlying question quality pyramid structure on Stack Overflow. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. There are about 8280 documents and they are divided into 7 categories: student  , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. We prepare two datasets for experiments. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. Note that this strategy is not equivalent to the user querying the search engine for " newspaper AND Palo Alto  , " since such a query would miss references to The New York Times  , a newspaper that is published in a city not in the vicinity of Palo Alto. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. The tags were mainly used to learn about the topics covered by Stack Overflow  , while the question coding gave insight into the nature of the questions. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . Wilks manually disambiguated all occurrences of the word 'bank' within LDOCE according to the senses of its definition and compared this to the results of the cosine correlation. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. We show how a document can be modeled as a semantic tree structure using the UMLS framework. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. Most participants were from North America or Europe. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. The Item_basic data service is read-only. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. The overall architecture of the extraction from Medline to candidate GeneRIF is shown in Figure 2. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. For instance  , all the items under the partition labeled " NEWS " in Figure 3are those links under the " NEWS " category in the news taxonomy of New York Times upper left corner in Figure 1. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. More important  , when we provided the same training data to the second step of SAND  , it outperforms all other supervised methods by 6% against SVM and 13% against NB  , showing that it is able to better explore the manually provided training data along with its other self-training  , transductive characteristics. Citebase provides information about both the citation impact and usage impact of research articles and authors  , generated from the open-access pre-print and postprint literature that Citebase covers. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. We analysed the Blog06 collection using SugarCube. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. OpenStreetMap OSM. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Nasehi et al. The sources of the stored documentation are thus very varied ; in the case of the existing prototype mediaeval history of France the sources include : original documents  , learned contemporary works  , articles from journals  , etc. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . Textual memes. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. There are 106 queries in the collection. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. article metadata  , and a triple database 4 to store and query semantic relationships among items. Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. The GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. GitHub is also a popular code hosting site with a large user base that could provide a relatively diverse pool of potential participants. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. in the triple store  , as done by Ingenta  , is not essential. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. The essence of this approach is to embed class information in determining the neighbor of each data point. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. We formed the feature set by selecting the 200 most informative features word counts as measured by information gain. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. FOLDOC was used for query expansion. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. In this article  , we refer to this sample as WPEDIA. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. They do not realize that the danger of getting lost concerns a substantial part of the comparatively recent written record. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Choi et al. Considering all the blogs in the BlogPulse data  , both in-degree and out-degree distributions have an unusually high number of blogs with degrees ranging from 10 to 500. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. As mentioned in Section 4.1.1  , DUC2001 provided 30 document sets. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. EM algorithm. Our preliminary findings  , obtained through the analysis of archival data from Stack Overflow and qualitative coding  , indicate that Q&A websites are particularly effective at code reviews  , explaining conceptual issues and answering newcomer questions. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Citebase harvests OAI metadata records for papers in these archives  , as well as extracting the references from each paper. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. Figure 4shows the results on Letor OHSUMED dataset in terms of MAP and NDCG  , averaged over five trials. In the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms the KWAY and SVM-DBSCAN methods by more than 36% under the pF1 metric. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. In contrast  , our work examines a fundamentally different setting where communities are actively competing with each other for users and the unique content they bring. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. For our classification of TDT-4 we trained on judged documents from both TDT-2 and TDT-3. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. As it is known that the frequency of folksonomy data usually follows a power-law distribution 18  , this approach would allow statistical attacks if applied to a folksonomy. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. As mentioned in Section 2  , for the purposes of the opinion finding task  , the document retrieval unit in the collection is a single blog post plus all of its associated comments as identified by a permalink . works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. Sampling uniformly from the Web is currently not possible 35  , so we sampled from the Open Directory Project ODP at dmoz.org. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. Figure 8top left shows the accuracy of the classifier for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. There are several avenues for future work. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. The MESUR project was started in October of 2006 and thus  , is still in its early stages of development. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. While the frequency function of walmart may not appear unusual  , showing only that it is more popular during the day than at night  , it is in fact distinctive enough such that it correlates very well with other large retailers. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? Similarly  , Radinsky et al. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. Having targeted only users of GitHub  , this was a surprising result. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. The dataset contained 476 abstracts  , which were divided into four research areas: Natural Language Processing NLP  , Robotics/Vision  , Systems  , and Theory. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. First  , wherever possible  , Citebase links each reference cited by a given article to the full-text of the article that it cites if it is in the database. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. Amza et al. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. Similarity ranking measures the relevance between a query and a document. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. This corpus contained 1 ,841 ,402 articles published by the New York Times from 1987 to 2007. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. The WT2g connectivity data see http://pastime.anu.edu.au/WAR/WT2g_Links/ilink_WTonly.gz and the Small Web qrels file were used to find the set of documents which link directly to relevant documents. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. 12. We list them here to explain our study design. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . Besides the two systems described in detail in §3.5  , RepLab participation included both supervised and unsupervised techniques. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. This poster provides an overview of the MESUR project's workplan and architecture  , and will show preliminary results relating to the characterization of its semantic network and a range of usage-based impact metrics. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. Collections. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. the various categories. This situation raises questions about whether social features are useful to contributors. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. The taxonomy we used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . For example  , when the user issues the query " manhattan coffee "   , he probably wants information only about coffee shops in the Manhattan region of New York. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. We indexed each of these separately  , and trained a tree-based estimator for each of these collections. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. Of concern is the method by which records are deleted. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. The New York Times NYT corpus was adopted as a pool of news articles. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. The most general class in OWL is owl:Thing. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Finally  , recent empirical work shows that popularity on Reddit exhibits signs of a distorted relationship between quality and popularity Gilbert 2013. In Section 4  , we briefly introduce the previous methods and put forward a new method. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. TDT-2 consists of a total of almost 84.000 documents from the year 1998  , drawn from newspapers  , radio news  , and television news in English  , Arabic and Mandarin. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. Quora. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Often data providers will export records from sources that are not Unicode-based. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. We chose five document sets d04  , d05  , d06  , d08  , d11 with 54 news articles out of the DUC2001 test set. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. , Walmart  , McDonald's . Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. As we argue next  , BeerAdvocate and RateBeer exhibit multiple features that make them suitable for the analysis of linguistic change. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. These servers are connected to each other with a gigabit LAN  , so the network latency between the servers is negligible. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Training corpus changes. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. Per geographic context the ranked suggestions are filtered on location. For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Our approach generally outperforms IG  , and the advantage becomes larger with the increase of data size. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . The rankers are compared using the metric rrMetric 3. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. Two of the top-most topics in the September 2010 DSN include words related to AlgoViz bibliography entries i.e. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. OpenStreetMap. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. , age > m is 0. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. This phenomenon is the most pronounced on RateBeer Figure 5: Experienced users agree more about their ratings than beginners. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information.