Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. We observe similar trends in Quora. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. Other work Ottoni et al. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. The category of each community is defined on Orkut. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. TDT evaluations have included stories in multiple languages since 1999. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. , age > m is 0. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. Transparency. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. We next study the performance of algorithms with datasets of different sizes. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. 1. The similar reviews include similar expressions such as " would definitely return "   , " will definitely return " . We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. ACSys made that data available in two ways. In Table 6 we see the distribution of Wikitravel categories over the top 5 retrieved suggestions and over all suggestions in the index. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. were detailed earlier in this document. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. Pull requests and shared repositories are equally used among projects. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. However. One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere.  Number of reported bugs. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. Through Github facilities. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. Candidate Term Selection. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. 2. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Analysis of the training queries and their corresponding qrel documents showed other discrepencies within gene symbols. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. In GitHub a user can create code repositories and push code to them. For example  , see BLOG06-feed-000065  , BLOG06-feed-001152  , etc. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. The TPC-W Benchmark 24 emulates an online bookstore providing twelve different request types for browsing and ordering products and two request types for administrative purposes. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. .  However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. 4 and is not applicable here. and WT2g. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Additionally  , we employed Triplify to publish the 160GB of geo data collected by the OpenStreetMap project. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. We list them here to explain our study design. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. For getting the informative words  , i.e. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. The top blogs on Xanga from our data include blogs of celebrities  , mostly from Hong Kong MandyStarz  , kellyjackie and stephy tang. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. A metro has anywhere from a single user to hundreds of thousands of users listed within it. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. We discuss other similar work in Section 5 and summarize our work in Section 6. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. Generalizability – Transferability. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. Datasets. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. 1  , " EconStor Results " . Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. The latter is of particular help if an existing taxonomy or thesaurus is used as a base. Based on the observation  , title pages have relatively fewer number of text lines and larger average distance between text lines  , and they contain text lines indicating volume number and issue number in issue title pages. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. Synonyms from genetic databases were sought to complement the set from LocusLink. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. To describe those segments  , we rely on data gathered and distributed for free by OpenStreetMap OSM a global group of volunteer cartographers who maintain free crowdsourced online maps and by Ordnance Survey the national mapping agency for Great Britain. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Whereas  , our methods normalized 885 temponyms from WikiBios dataset  , and 558 from WikiWars dataset to date values by disambiguating these temponyms to KB facts or events. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. </narrative> </topic> Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. BRIGHTKITE. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. , resolving explicit  , relative and implicit TempEx's. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. As another example  , in case the program can not recognize the volume and issue number due to OCR error  , such as " IV " was OCRed as " it "   , the program will use the previous or the following title page information  , if available  , to construct the current volume or issue metadata. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. Recency is clearly present in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and absent from SHAKESPEARE and YES. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. concludes this paper. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Fig. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. For example   , BLOG06-feed-000017 is associated with no permalinks in 20051206/feeds-000.gz according to <PERMALINKS> tags  , but the feed actually contains several permalinks  , such as Http://www. MacHall. Com ?strip id=357. Prolific Developers. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. Chafkin 2012. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. Experimental results over Blog06 collection showed the advantage of using multiple opinion query positions in comparing the opinion score of documents. Awareness. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. Hilliness. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. Our evaluation corpus is built from the TDT-2 corpus 8  of approximately 60 ,000 news stories covering January through June of 1998. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. Besides  , we also plot the minimum bounding rectangles MBRs of tourist attractions for reference  , where the tourist attractions are collected from the metadata of OpenStreetMap. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. , fbis8T and fbis8L. com. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. §2 presents related work. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Figure 5shows the cumulative latency distributions from both sets of experiments. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. It turned out that ruling out terms Figure 1 : MAP and P@10 for short queries at different pruning levels  , baseline and different settings WT2g collection   , as those terms have a negative score for every document. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. Regardless of the topic in question these sites would be ranked highest due to the number of inLinks associated with them. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. Raw text was extracted from the XML format of the AQU- AINT-2 and Blog06 collections. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. For example  , the TPC-W workload has only 14 interactions   , each of which is embodied by a single servlet. BLOG06 is a collection of blog home pages  , blog entry pages permalinks and XML feed documents. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. For these reasons  , we used GitHub in our recruiting efforts. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. It should be noted that for different classes of requests  , an application may deploy different termination ranges and control parameters and our API design can support such differentiation. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. Intuitively  , this makes sense. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. OpenStreetMap. TPC-W is an official benchmark to measure the performance of web servers and databases. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. We highlight our contributions and key results below. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. Applications of social influence in social media. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. So In order to facilitate better classification  , we increased the dataset by manually annotating some splog in the Blog06 dataset itself. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. One type is total dwell time TDT  , which is the accumulated time a user spent on a document when seeing it multiple times. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. There are several avenues for future work. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. ing monthly harvest of fruits. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. We conducted experiments using TPC-D benchmark data TPC93 o n N T w orkstation running DB2 4 . Answers and Quora. Orkut is a general purpose social network. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. By repeatedly merging the two most similar clusters in a new cluster  , a binary cluster tree is con- structed. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. For both voxel labelling and reconstruction  , we show our results on both static and dynamic scenes. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. the various categories. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. A sentence classifier was built using GeneRIF entries in LocusLink excluding those that were in the secondary .txt file and their abstracts. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. Our community membership information data set was a filtered collection of Orkut in July 2007. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Pull Requests in Github. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. We use GDELT  , currently the largest global event catalog  , to automatically discover relevant events with high MSM coverage. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. for functional languages — would be less justified. OpenStreetMap OSM. Knowledge enrichment. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . c TripAdvisor. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. Orkut is a large social networking website. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. 3. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. 6 It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Mainstream Media Collection. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. Failure case. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. From the source data  , we generated two datasets for question identification. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. Maintenance. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. A user's vector has a 1 in any dimension that represents himself or anyone the user has listed as a " friend. " This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. 24 However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. Spertus et al. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Basic methods that we used for these tasks will be described in section 2. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. With the advent of social coding tools like GitHub  , this has intensified. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. We present a principled method to create additional datasets  , as opposed to the WS-353 benchmark where the word pairs were extracted manually. In Table 3   , AmCheck detected a total of 8 ,481 conformance errors CE1 in the EUSES corpus. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. Collections. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. Such differences are expected to have a strong influence on the performance of systems designed for categorizing ASRed documents in comparison to the systems for OCRed documents. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. Section 4 describes our implementation. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. We review related work in TDT briefly here. f Xanga web-link categories In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. Performance Data. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Our design dynamically selects termination threshold  , adaptive to load condition and performs early termination safely. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. In this section  , we describe how we create a gold standard by performing human annotation on a data set of hotel reviews from TripAdvisor. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. We prepare two datasets for experiments. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. WikiWars. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. 12. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. We are currently investigating this hypothesis. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. For example  , in the graph below the FBIS-8665 is the document number  , therefore  , we can select the document FBIS3-8665 from the FBIS data set according to the DOCNO number. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Figure 1shows a typical user profile on Pinterest. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. Most participants were from North America or Europe. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. , BlogPulse and Technorati. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. post/pole and wall/fence. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Technorati. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. On the DOUBAN network  , the four algorithms achieve comparable influence spread. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. meet the soft deadline. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. on whether the street is in or near a park. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. We evaluate the effectiveness of NPQ in the domain of image retrieval  , although our approach is general and can be used for other types of data for example  , text  , video. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. The tasks defined within TDT appear to be new within the research community. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. editors  , actors and CEOs. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. , 7. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. This text was converted to upper-case and cleaned using a series of regular expressions. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. The Item_basic data service is read-only. The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. On the other hand  , the boosting method is highly dependent on the ranking of the resources  , as we observe when a better resource selection method is used BM25 desc in FedWeb 2013 or the hybrid run in FedWeb 2012. Overall  , there are 492  , 104 communities withheld from Orkut data set one community withheld for each user. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. The second best contributor is the AcroMed acronym database  , which causes an improvement of 4.8% over the Heuristics only run. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. Recently  , Popescu et al. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. While pull-based development e.g. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. Table 1. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. In addition to using Triplify for publishing RDF from the long tail of million of Web applications deployed  , we evaluated the software with the very large datasets produced by the OpenStreetMap project 14 . A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? The results using the WS-353 and Mturk dataset can be seen in Table 3. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. Training corpus changes. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. Xanga. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. Amza et al. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles.