Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. 2 Each query produced a set of documents corresponding to a LocusLink organism. The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. Question Topics. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . We conducted two studies to evaluate CodeTube. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Contrasting the social stigma in America where only young people are perceived to use popular social networks  , Orkut is part of society in Brazil  , as it is not only used by teenagers  , but parents  , relatives  , and even taxi drivers as well. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. This can be attributed to the structure of the WebKB corpus and the quality of the seed documents. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. The classes and segments are shown in Table 1. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. We use the error metrics proposed by the authors of the KITTI dataset 30. Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. Mining such a vast data set in an efficient  , performing  , and flexible manner presents significant challenges regarding data representation and data access. It is not uncommon to find prolific developers contributing code to 5-10 GitHub projects in the same week. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked.  Number of reported bugs. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list. We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. Large Linked Datasets. We used a set of 9 ,403 recent MEDLINE documents associated with LocusLink GeneRIF records. This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. Therefore  , we make estimation from the crawled posting data. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. This results in a set of 39 themes full list in our data release   , details at the end of the paper. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. Cultural context may be a big reason why account gifting is more predominant in developing regions. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . , 7. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. From the remaining 306 topics  , we selected 75 topics as follows. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. Relative importance of motivational factors. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. Information for this result can be found in 8. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. A few others found it perversely old-fashioned  , since it looked more like a broadsheet newspaper than like a website; one respondent even commented  , " It reminded me of a microfiche reader. " In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. To answer that  , we first need to understand more about what the web looks like. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. However. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. Although the absolute performance of the best learned function seems low 0.63 accuracy  , we will see in the following sections that  , once the classification confidence is used as similarity measure  , it leads to the best topic detection performance reported on the RepLab dataset so far. Data Collection and Cleaning. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. The collection included a selection of " top blogs " provided by Nielsen BuzzMetrics and supplemented by the University of Amsterdam. Dataset. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. In TPC-W  , the cache had a hit rate of 18%. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . Park et al. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. We sent an online survey to 851 GitHub users selected from the set of prolific developers described earlier. Garcia et al. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them." In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. , fbis8T and fbis8L. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. Voat has more people to talk to. " For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. 1  , allows users to find research papers stored in open access  , OAI-compliant archives -currently arXiv http://arxiv.org/  , CogPrints http://cogprints.soton.ac.uk/ and BioMed Central http://www.biomedcentral.com/. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. User lifespan. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. Stack Overflow is centered around nine design decisions 7 : Voting is used as a mechanism to distinguish good answers from bad ones. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. While pull-based development e.g. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. For those objects left unexamined  , we have only a statistical assurance that the information is intact. We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. Orkut is a general purpose social network. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. WikiWars. Deduction rules. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. "  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. The New York Times data NYT consists of 1 ,831 ,109 news articles from January 1987 to January 2007. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. In an attempt to overcome the costly access to chemical literature  , several groups are currently working on building free chemical search engines. The differences we have detected could be irrelevant or misleading if both our baseline and contrastive systems were below state-of-the-art results. RQ1: 14% of repositories are using pull requests on Github. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. §2 presents related work. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. This is represented in Figure 5where an edge denotes a rdfs:subClassOf relationship. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. More details and further experimental results are available at http://swa.cefriel.it/geo/eswc2016.html. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. Applications of social influence in social media. Thus both clusters are left intact. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. 3. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. We then analyse Citebase's database  , and summarise the findings of a user survey conducted by the Open Citation Project 7. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. GDELT releases data about daily media coverage in two formats: the Event Database and the Global Knowledge Graph GKG. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. Status We measure status in three ways. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. Because the TPC-W dataset had so little overlap  , we generated a dataset with the same butuseda10-wordvocabulary{w0 ,w1 ,w2 ,… ,w9}forthe title field. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. From now on  , we refer to this encyclopedia as WPEDIA. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. Using parallelization with 20 threads  , our model could be fit on our largest dataset RateBeer of 2 million total events within two minutes. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. We utilized a GitHub dataset collected during prior work that contains information on prolific developers with a long and active contribution history 10. For instance  , the MESUR ontology does not have a direct relationship between an article and its publishing journal. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. 1. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. Table 1. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. Recently  , Popescu et al. The naming regularities in LocusLink allowed us to design a simple set of rules and to extract 13 ,456 different genes grouped into 3 ,575 families/subfamilies/superfamilies. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. The citation impact of an article is the number of citations to that article. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. In most cases  , significant increases in effectiveness are found for other popular projection functions including SH and SKLSH across both datasets Tables 1-2. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. Researching sampling bias: MESUR examines the effects of sampling biases on its reference data set to determine whether and how a usage data set can be compiled that is representative of global scholarly us- age. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. We make the new dataset publicly available for further research in the field. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. In forums such as Stack Overflow  , the answers are expected to be correct and should be ranked according to their quality. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. Community Value. For Spam data set  , we give classification accuracies for each user inbox. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Citebase was developed as part of the JISC/NSF Open Citation Project  , which ended December 2002. Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. Experimental results. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. Each emulated client represents a virtual user. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. We also used the same term statistics computed from the FT92 collection The difference is  , that all the relevant documents from FT91 FT92 LA and FBIS were used for training. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . LEAD: This is a popular baseline on DUC2001 data set. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. Each abstract sentence was classified to gauge its likelihood as a source of a GeneRIF. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. He has severe hearing loss  , but is otherwise nonfocal. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. Results are presented by topic in Table 1and Figure 1for the best parameterizations of the four methods. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Ontological propagation. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. It is not clear. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. As we have seen in our experiments  , a HAC algorithm over term similarity outperforms all the RepLab systems: this is another evidence that corroborates the issue of data sparsity in our Online Reputation Monitoring problem. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. Neurological: He is awake and alert. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Whenever applicable  , We also used terms from SDMX extensions 19 which augment the Data Cube Vocabulary by defining URIs for common dimensions  , attributes and measures. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. Failure case. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. An interesting ontology-based approach was developed by the Ingenta MetaStore project 19. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. Similar to the previous experiment  , we exercised each system configuration with increasing numbers of EBs until the SLA was violated. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. Even though it was not utilized to produce official runs  , Figure 4presents a digest of the extraction algorithm for completeness. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. entity. Next  , we discuss how the data types and queries are implemented in U-DBMS. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. To test this hypothesis  , we decided to use agglomerative cluster- ing 5 to construct a hierarchy of tags. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. With its single small body and fewer signal lines  , the TDT sensor has several advantages over the conventional approaches  , where a joint torque is obtained by attaching two tension sensors to the tendons at both ends of the pulley and feeding the sensor signals to a differential circuit. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. We initially wanted to choose a random set of websites that were representative of the Web at large. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. If pattern discovery is effective  , we would expect that most data items would be extracted. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? The criteria for relevance in the context of CTIR are not obvious. Section 4 describes our implementation. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. We determine the effectiveness of our algorithm in relation to semi-supervised text classification algorithm proposed in 5 NB-EM. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. Therefore  , we compare our approach with two competitive systems from RepLab 2013:  Best RepLab 34. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. Organization and contributions. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products .   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. Figure 10shows the venn diagram of tag distributions of questions on Stack Overflow. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. For getting the informative words  , i.e. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. As we will see in the next section   , the throughput improvements that GlobeTP provides are significantly greater for TPC-W than RUBBoS. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Qi et al. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . The dynamic of the OpenStreetMap project will ensure a steady growth of the dataset. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. We analyzed two affiliation networks. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. When assuming a full Wheatstone bridge with temperature compensation  , four strain gauges are sufficient for the TDT sensor  , whereas four gauges have to be prepared for each tension sensor  , making a total of eight gauges necessary for a conventional approach. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. Training Label Set Y0. EconStor content has also been published in the LOD. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. In Fig. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. To ensure critical mass  , several programmers were explicitly asked to contribute in the early stages of Stack Overflow. , those who the user follows. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . We used the default Snowball stemmer for Dutch 6 . Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. in two different ways. We consider the area of Central London  , which consists of 3 ,368 street segments. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. OntologyX also helped to determine the primary abstract classes for the MESUR ontology. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. The rest of the order was preserved intact. and provide similar products and services e.g. From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Orkut also offers friend relationship. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. The evidence strongly suggests that " bank of america " should be a segment. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. UMLS contains a very large dictionary of biomedical terms – the UMLS Metathesaurus and defines a hierarchy of semantic types – the UMLS Semantic Network. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. ACSys made that data available in two ways. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ Our results show that normalization can be important  , and that the best normalization strategy is dependent on the underling relevance retrieval baseline. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Data sets. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. We begin by giving an overview of related work. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. Thus the nonnegativity constraints is the key. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. This did change the statistically significant pair found in each data set  , however. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. , disk. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. on whether the street is in or near a park. 24 Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. 6 Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. In order to create a system which can identify new crises we must collect data for training. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. About 300 training documents were available per topic. TSA results shown in the table are computed using cross correlation with a quadratic weighted function as the distance metric between single time series. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. to the clusters of the first 5 matching sample documents. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. We describe details below. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. The distribution of training and testing sets are similar for the Movie and the SRAA data sets. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. There are about 8 ,300 documents and they are divided into seven categories: student   , faculty  , staff  , course  , project  , department and other. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. For example  , in a correctly segmented corpus  , there will be very few " york times " segments most " york times " occurrences will be in the " new york times " segments  , resulting in a small value of PCyork times  , which makes sense. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. We start by building a pairwise classification model using linear kernel SVM 4 20 We randomly sample 80 ,000 pairs of tweets from the RepLab 2013 training dataset  , keeping the true and false classes balanced. Spertus et al. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. She taught them how to upload pictures and leave scraps for each other  , and in this way  , was their gateway to Orkut. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . Previous work has revealed that most GitHub repositories are inactive and have a single user 25  , 31 . In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. For Chinese  , we combined corpora from multiple sources including the Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS corpus  , HK News and HK Law  , UN corpus  , and Sinorama  , the same corpora also used by Chiang et al 3. We find two interesting patterns in the topic trend of New York Times corpus. Through Github facilities. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . It was shown tasks can be accomplished efficiently with Citebase regardless of the background of the user. " The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. All other assumptions about the manufacturing system remain valid and intact. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. The Melvyl Recommender project 8 analyzed server logs captured when users chose to view detailed information about certain documents  , and used those as the user profile when generating recommendations. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. Transparency. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. meet the soft deadline. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. We find a 33% performance gain over MQ for LSH-based projections for 22k Labelme. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. For example  , the gene olfactory receptor  , family 5  , subfamily V  , member 1 is a member of subfamily V of the olfactory receptor family. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. dmoz.org. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . Selection Criteria. Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. However  , current approaches e.g. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. Krizhevsky et al. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. For patients with faecal incontinence  , endoanal ultrasound has allowed the surgeon to visualhe if the anal sphincters are intact. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . The topic distributions of their Table 5: The community information for user Doe#1. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. Note that we have modified the TPC-W load generator to add request timeouts and think time between successive retries of a blocked request. Citebase holds articles from physics  , maths  , information science  , and biomedical science and contains over 200 ,000 publications. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " As a second future work  , we plan use our motif framework as a way to analyze other evolving collaborative systems  , such as non- Wikimedia Wikis  , such as Wikia and Conservapedia  , which have very different editing policies and user bases. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Conclusions are presented in Section 6. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. TPC-W defines three transaction mixes: browsing  , shopping  , and ordering mixes. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. The data were then processed into connection records using MADAM ID 9 . Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. The WebKB hypertext dataset available at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/afs/cs/project/theo-11/www/-wwkb/ is employed in the experiment of text categorization. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. We started by identifying all the distinct hosts represented in the 100 gigabyte collection. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. These terms are slightly different morphologically. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. Technorati. For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. were detailed earlier in this document. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. E.g. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. Defining and validating usage-based metrics: MESUR defines a wide range of usage-based metrics  , calculates them for the established reference data set  , and assesses their validity and reliability. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Craigslist. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. Query-side ontological propagation. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. We recall that a question on Stack Overflow can either be deleted by the author of the question or by a moderator . for functional languages — would be less justified. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. We find a total of 9 ,350 undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. The tiny relation is a one column  , one tuple relation used to measure overhead. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. </narrative> </topic> Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Table 1 Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Orkut is a large social networking website. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. The final project outcome will be the publication of guidelines with regards to the properties of various usage-based impact metrics  , and how they can be appropriately applied. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. Mainstream Media Collection. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. , mediaeval history. For the ease of presentation   , we highlight the clusters by different colors such that the size and shape of the clusters are clearly illustrated in the figures. TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. For our classification experiments  , we trained on TDT-2 judged documents and tested on TDT-3 documents. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. For various subsets of the datasets discussed above  , we choose number of topics as twice the number of classes. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . In Setup B  , the maximal throughput of the benchmark increased to 2200 req/s Curve 3 in Figure 5a. It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. There are a total of 36 ,643 tags on all questions in Stack Overflow. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. which is a global quantity but measured locally. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. All other buffer pool pages are preserved. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. The last step in the data pre-processing of CodeTube consists in indexing both the extracted video fragments and the Stack Overflow discussions  , using Lucene 9   , where each video fragment is considered as a document. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. We highlight our contributions and key results below. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. link to a KB task. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. Selecting Applications. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. Orkut. The AP wire  , New York Times  , and LA Times either contained explicit metadata in the <KEYWORD> element or was discernible in some other manner. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. His visual fields are intact. For example  , in the New York Times front page shown in Fig- ure 1  , there is a fixed news taxonomy on the upper left corner. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. Example 2. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Defining a model of the scholarly communication process represented as an RDF/OWL ontology 3. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Nasdaq. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. The rootbased algorithm is aggressive. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. We also used the MoviePilot data  , by disregarding the group memberships. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1.  To reduce maturation effects  , i.e. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. The OCA texts need a small amount of additional preprocessing . According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. TaggerEvaluation. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . author  , and action e.g. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. It is intended to apply to any industry that markets and sells products or services over the Internet. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. The use of this system is investigated in Section 5. The survey participants reported development experience was 17.2 years on average median 15; range 7 to 40  , while their GitHub experience was 5.9 years on average median 6; range less than 1 to since GitHub was founded. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. On one hand  , different clustering techniques such as HAC  , VOS clustering 9—a community detection algorithm—and K-star 33 were used by the participants. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. In order to test whether the associated hypothesis is true  , we developed a software application which would produce results based on conventional Content Analysis the baseline result and then re-rank those results based on a number of related Connectivity Analysis approaches. 100% of the records arrived intact on the target news server  , " beatitude. " Overflow. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. There are a number of future directions for this work. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. are ignored i.e. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. It is our understanding that any implementation of these approaches would not succeed in improving precision to any usable extent  , if at all when the experiments were based on the WT2g dataset  , due to the lack of Functional links. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. This storage remains intact and available across system failures. Candidate Term Selection. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. A first fact is the different support between creational and functional templates: about a half of the clones adopt a creational approach  , while less than a fifth adopt a functional one. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. Which identities benefit the most ? The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Analogously to term features  , we compute the semantic features semantic_jaccard  , semantic_lin_cf and semantic_lin_tfidf over the bag-of-entities tweet representation. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. In total we have 107 ,372 untrustworthy identities the negative examples and slightly less than 1.6 million Pinterest identities that are not untrustworthy the positive examples. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. For instance  , users prefer to go to a furniture store to buy furniture rather than to a general purpose store such as Walmart. For SVM  , we use the implementation provided by SV M Light 15. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. , surrounding code snippets  , the complete answer   , or the corresponding question is available on Stack Overflow  , it would be possible to display it along with an insight sentence. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. This means that as users became more overloaded  , they replied to a smaller fraction of incoming emails and with shorter replies. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. All TDT sources contain a number of very short documents that do not describe an event but are announcements  , teasers  , or other non-topical documents. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. For article features  , we normalized URL and Editor categories together  , and kept the CTR term a real value intact . We have not addressed the possibility that the user's subject context is excluded from the display. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. We show that our methods can perform well not only on properly edited texts that are rich in terms of events and facts i.e. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " concludes this paper. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. The best system in the official RepLab 2013 evaluation campaign 2. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. For instance  , the most popular of these services  , Wikia 2   , has more than three thousand collections  , some of them with more than fifty thousand documents. climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. We denote such documents as partially-structured  , largely-naturallanguage PSLNL documents. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. However  , despite of the presence of question posting guidelines and an ebullient moderation community  , a significant percentage of questions on Stack Overflow are extremely poor in nature. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. This section of the schema is not mandatory. For our evaluation we used a dump of the PubChem database 4 containing around 31.5 million chemical entities. Code- Tube also automatically complements the video fragments with relevant Stack Overflow discussions. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. , Walmart. , biblio. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. Full-life view for users in Reddit. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. A subset of relevant examples and a subset of irrelevant ones compose the training set. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. This ensures that users can access the resource itself. For Movie and SRAA data sets  , we give the mean and standard deviation of the classification accuracies over five runs of the classifiers with each run using randomly chosen examples for training and testing. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. In the first experiment set we used a Giant Strongly- Connected Component of the WebKB hyper-link graph 8. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2766462.2767839 previously been considered in various settings: at the WePS-3 evaluation effort 1  and as part of the RepLab 2012 and 2013 chal- lenges 2  , 3. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. 14. we did not filter based on the concept scores. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . Researchers have traditionally considered topics as flat-clusters 2. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. We report the classification accuracy for spam data set  , and the mean and standard deviation of classification accuracy for movie and SRAA data sets calculated over 5 runs of the algorithms. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. In conjunction with the widespread use of smartphones and GPS enabled devices  , this has resulted in a large number of RDF datasets containing geospatial information  , which is of high importance in several application scenarios  , such as navigation  , tourism  , and location-based social media. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . Warrick was also used to recover the WWW'06 conference website when a fire destroyed the building housing the web server 25. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. We evaluate our method on three data sets belonging to three different application areas -spam filtering  , movie review   , and SRAA. In total  , there are 44 features. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. Stack Overflow is another successful Q&A site started in 2008. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. These are documents from FBIS dated 1994. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. In summary  , most signals in our study are able to improve the classification process with statistical significance over the use of term-based features only  , and their combination gives the best performance. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. Fig. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. For example  , as he turns to a music review  , he says: " I don't know anything about pop music. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. The goal of this work is to obtain a deep understanding of the pull-based software development model  , as used for many important open source projects hosted on Github. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. We also evaluated with a recal/-oriented metric Cf=/C ,n~46 = 0.1  , which was the standard metric in the 1999 TDT-3 evaluation   , and which favors large clusters and tolerates lower precision in favor of better recall. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. Given such a dataset  , a naNe application of classification such as decision tree would result in no useful information. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. Recommendations to Groups. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. , Feng et al. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. These values are rather low. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Edge Density. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. The Do and Drink categories are the least liked while the Eat category is the highest rated. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. , Walmart due to their low cost. As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. 1: 1. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. We also adapt the cutting plane algorithm to solve the resulting optimization problem and then use the trained model for summary generation. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. 3.3. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. We created a HIN by categorizing the entities into vertex labels: author  , paper  , conference  , and terminology.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. The Stack Overflow ! Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. To create the user graph cf. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. Missing important tweets and news items about an entity of interest can be disastrous and expensive 9. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. With similar running time  , IMRank2 achieves significant higher influence spread than that of PMIA and IRIE. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . Answers while others could be more general e.g. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. We now perform a temporal trend analysis of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. An example is provided in Figure 2. We review related work in TDT briefly here. Figure 4 is the high-level pseudo code of our algorithm. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The idle instances are preferred candidates to be shut down. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. The service provides links to blog posts referencing NYT articles. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. The New York Times annotated corpus was a relatively new development and had not been extensively adopted for clustering experi- ments. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. Assuming the catalog entry is still accessible and still refers to the document  , three conditions must be met in order to recover its content: 1. 5. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. on the basis of scholarly usage. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. The edge density of this group is 0.476. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. Intuitively  , this makes sense. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. We set k to be 1001  , so that the number of random communities selected for ranking evaluation is 1000. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. Nevertheless  , all systems benefit similarly from the normalization and it does not produce any change in the official ranking is the performance of our systems on a case-per-case basis. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Our use of TDT5 here was merely to evaluate the contribution of each component of our model. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. A publicly available dataset periodically released by Stack Overflow  , and a dataset crawled  from Quora that contains multiple groups of data on users  , questions   , topics and votes. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. c TripAdvisor. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. Prolific Developers. Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Some of these queries have produced quite impressive results using the WT2g dataset and associated connectivity data. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. The error bars are standard errors of the means. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. . Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. Example. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. The out-links file consisted of  , for each document d  , the document numbers of the documents d links to. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. 18  study the TPC-W benchmark  , including its architecture   , operational procedures for carrying out tests  , and the performance metrics it generates. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. We divide our experiments into two parts.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. Experience versus rating variance when rating the same product. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. For different n and d  , the upper bound and lower bound differs from each other; however  , the trend remains intact. 4 and is not applicable here. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. The 2007  , 2009 Correct the second term of Merkel – AngelaMerkel  , holdsPosition  , ChancellorOfGermany 2005  , now Okay Obama's graduation – BarackObama  , graduatedFrom  , HarvardLawSchool 1991  , 1991 Correct the first Winter Olympics to be hosted by Russia We ran the local model  , the joint model  , and the global model on each corpus with the exception of WikiWars. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. IV. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. platform Activity. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. The naive approach would be to consider each GitHub repository as its own separate project. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. From Fig. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. Following conventional treatment  , we also augmented each feature vector by a constant term 1. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. The entry provided by UMLS for the phrase " mad cow disease " is " bovine spongiform encephalopathy  , bse  , bovine spongiform encephalitis "   , excluding the variants generated by varying the form or order of the words. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . , FC7. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. This is in the spirit of the Slice heuristics keeping slices intact and at the same time gives the biggest hope to minimize the total number of database resets. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. , 2010. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. We collected the MEDLINE references as described before  , LocusLink has a set of references to MED- LINE documents relevant to the gene for documents corresponding to each organism in LocusLink. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. Their work found that higher levels of joint memberships between Wikia communities was correlated with success. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. For instance  , the New York Times employs a whole team whose sole responsibility is to manually create links from news articles to NYT identifiers 1 . However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. The MESUR project will develop metrics using various algorithms drawn from graph theory  , semantic network theory  , and statistics  , along with theoretical techniques developed internal to the project and cross-validated with existing metrics such as the ISI IF  , the Usage Impact Factor 3  , and the Y-Factor 1. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. We provide more evidence of this below. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. The breakdown of usage data sources is as follows 2 : Publishers Six major international scholarly publishers. 4  , Requirement 15. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. It works by selecting the lead sentences as the summary. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. Xanga. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. The assessor then searched the Blog06 test collection to see if blog posts with relevant opinions appear in the collection. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . If as with some servers language can only be used in conjunction with another search element to restrict the resultset to records in that language  , then the extraction program may need to use multiple searches to select a topical or other subset of the records in the target language. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. 2007URLs. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system. We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. By lowering tdt  , RIP decreases the highest scores associated to t for a non local document. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. 3 The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . Pull Requests in Github. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. Note that these temponyms are not detected by HeidelTime tagger at all. Our approach achieves a significant improvement by 8% over IG for both classifiers when the whole WebKB collection is applied. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . Queries are automatically expanded before search. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. exact string match  , normalised string match. 5 present an empirical comparison of six measures of similarity for recommending communities to members of the Orkut social network. shtml. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. Report-side ontological propagation. For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. The occurrences of the defined word in all sentences whose vectors have the greatest similarity to the vector for a given sense are then assigned that sense7. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . However   , their responsiveness remained intact and may even be faster. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. We recall that experienced community members viz. 7 . Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . and WT2g. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. 4. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. We also used the API to gather information on all issues and comments for each repository. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. Knowledge enrichment. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin .  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The overall gathered data spans more than 150 consecutive years 1851 − 2009. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. 4 In Figure 7 we have already illustrated the distribution of ratings over time for the hotel Punta Cana Princess evaluated on TripAdvisor. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. The full list of public events that have happened on GitHub is available on the GitHub Archive website 8 . Datasets. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. Table 2summarizes the total performance of BCDRW and BASIC methods in terms of precision and coverage on the aforementioned DouBan data set. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. Since this context e.g. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. by better interlinking the data with other Linked Data datasets and providing a proper ontology for querying. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " All the rest are long-tail prod- ucts. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. post/pole and wall/fence. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. We focus on sentiment biased topic detection. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. In the uniques relation all attributes have unique values. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Hilliness. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. We present the normalization results for all expressions that were correctly extracted by the system value  , as well as for all expressions in the corpus lenient+value and strict+value. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. Maintenance. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. BRIGHTKITE. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. We now turn to the experiments on the Topic Detection Task. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Finally we calculate the cosine similarity score 2 between the extracted phrase p and each retrieval document's title t j   , and keep the document with the highest score as the Wikitravel page for that city. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. For the relaxed precision measure  , the global models achieved substantial gains over the joint models. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. Awareness. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. The second run is with synonyms. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. Section 6 summarizes related work. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. Harvested metadata that has no corresponding digital resource is not indexed in OAIster. Chafkin 2012. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. Projects were taken from Github 15  , one of the largest public repositories of Java projects. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. We observe similar trends in Quora. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. WebKB. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. So parity striping has better fault containment than RAIDS designs. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. For each input URL the server would respond with a list of incoming links from other WT2g documents and outgoing links. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. This shows that author-deleted questions are inferior in quality than moderator-deleted questions and require more work to improve their content. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. 9. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. 2. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. , BlogPulse and Technorati. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. In addition  , we extract phrases highly associated with each entry term. As part of the project report a user survey 23 was conducted on Citebase. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. editors  , actors and CEOs. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. Answers and Quora. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. .  Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Performance Data. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. , 2012. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. Our method is a hybrid generative-discriminative method where the term weights represent a generative model and the linear discriminant represents a discriminative model of the classification problem . This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. We have considered in the same class also other wikis  , such as WackoWiki  , TikiWiki  , and OddMuse  , which support functional templating without parameter passing i.e. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. The results of RankSVM  , RankBoost  , AdaRank and FRank are reported in the Letor data set. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories.