Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. Intuitively  , this makes sense. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. Data Collection and Cleaning. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . This issue is partially due to the lack of automated mechanisms for generating reliable and up-to-date dataset metadata  , which hinders the retrieval  , reuse or interlinking of datasets. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Standard GPS signals are dominated by time correlated noise from selective availability SA  , ionosphere and clock induced errors. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. There are a number of future directions for this work. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. However  , current approaches e.g. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Again  , and with the exception of Datahub D  , the other data sets exhibit a similar trend. EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. These primers are designed using a known normal sequence called the reference sequence  , which has been imported into our database by the Function Express Server from RefSeq. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. A simple RefseqP XML schema was created for the RefSeqP OAI repository. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. To our knowledge  , this is so far the first large-scale analysis on messaging group dynamics. The Datahub data set shows a far more balanced behaviour. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. Similar observations can be made for the data set A  , F and G  , though to a lower extent. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. Edge Density. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. We divide the crowd into three groups  , Expert Group  , Trustee Group and Volunteer Group by the degree of confidence  , to judge probability of relevance between different topics and different webs on a six-point scale4 ,3 ,2 ,1 ,0 ,-2. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The edge density of this group is 0.476. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before.