The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. In the end  , only 15.0% 54/360 of the factoid questions had an answer that could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; 24.8% 235/946 of the distinct items answering a list question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus; and at most 6.1% 45/735 of the distinct nuggets answering an Other question could be found only in the Blog06 corpus. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. For the term " TGFB " in topic 14  , for instance  , the expansion techniques in stage 1 produce 185 candidates including lexical variants. Figure 4shows the throughput scalability of three representative data services from the scalable TPC-W. We adopt the consumer purchasing records dataset from Shop.com 1 for model evaluation  , because an important information source leveraged in our framework is the quantity of product that a consumer purchased in each transaction   , which is absent in many of the public datasets. Question Topics. For Movie and SRAA data sets  , we give the mean and standard deviation of the classification accuracies over five runs of the classifiers with each run using randomly chosen examples for training and testing. We analyzed development activity and perceptions of prolific GitHub developers. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. The approaches from this line of research that are closest to CREAM is the SHOE Knowledge Annotator 10 and the WebKB annotation tool. Profile based features are based on the user-generated content on the Stack Overflow website. The curve below shows how cross-validation NMAE varies with model size k and number of users m. To the left of the curve  , it is clear that high k leads to large errors  , implying that the model is over-fitting. Such information can only be retrieved via simple keyword-based search  , unless the data is extracted and stored in a more structured form  , such as XML or relational tuples. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. The study was performed through a webpage mimicking the look-and-feel of the moviepilot website  , on this page users were presented with a random selection of movies they had previously rated  , with the ratings withheld. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Our algorithm is clearly interruptible  , after a very small amount of setup time the time taken to see one of each class. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Related to our solution for linking Stack Overflow threads to API types is the work by Rigby and Robillard 30. in that we focus on single sentences from Stack Overflow that are relevant to an API type instead of a code snippet. Update summarization is often applied to summarizing overlapping news stories. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. Many PSLNL documents contain lists of items e.g. First  , we use the karma points up-votes minus down-votes that Reddit counts on link submissions and comments  , which define a notion of status in the Reddit community. For example  , Redirect would not label a New York Times advertisement for its own newspaper as an advertisement. We also evaluated the performance of SimFusion+ on D- BLP and WEBKB datasets. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. This data set was tailor-made to benefit remainderprocessing. The other condition codes returned by the stack operations include stuck overflow for Push and siaclc emp-ty for Pop and Top. There are interesting problems with using this cost function in the context of a DET curve  , the other official TDT measure. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains CUIs that arise from source ontologies   , which maintain hierarchical relationships between concepts. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. The comparison results of TSA on the WS-353 dataset are reported in Table 1. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. The statistics of title keyterms in the MELVYL-database are typical of many bibliographic databases  , and a similar a7.nalysis and approach can be used to develop es- timators for other predicate types such as term IN SUBJECT-KEYTERMS. This may be true for a certain point-feature representation of the cities but is not correct for all points inside the city boundaries. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. To systematically identify all the GDELT themes and taxonomies that are related to climate change we first built the co-occurrence graph among them. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. We use this framework to study two large  , active online communities: RateBeer and BeerAdvocate. One threat to internal validity of our evaluation is that we were unable to validate analysis results of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus by their original users. We chose subject programs by looking at bug reports for popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. Therefore one of the underlying assumptions behind SUDS use in IR is that query terms will rarely be seen as examples of a term being used in an infrequent sense. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. Our analysis of user traffic suggests that Voat absorbed the most users from Reddit Table 1. We notice the presence of programming related tags like objective-c  , android and c# which points out these undeleted questions are relevant to Stack Overflow. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . In order to obtain a parallel news corpus  , we chose New York Times as our external resource of news articles. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. Figure 1shows DSNs based on AlgoViz log data for the months of September and October 2010 with a connection threshold of 10. Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. However  , we observed that in some cases  , software projects are organized into multiple separate repositories on GitHub. The New York Times Annotated corpus is used in the synonym time improvement task. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Finally  , we compare the performance of SoCo with that of other recommender systems using the Douban dataset. BRFS performance matched or exceeded in some cases SS1 and BL. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. Both TDT and event detection are concerned with the development of techniques for finding and following events in broadcast news or social media. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. The TDT1 corpus  , developed by the researchers in the TDT Pilot Research Project  , was the first benchmark evaluation corpus for TDT research. However  , it was not clear to us if these fields are of sufficiently high quality and how exactly we could make good use of them. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. The first is TDT 1  collections  , which are benchmarks for event detection . For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. Thei_titlefieldoftheitemtablewasgeneratedusing the TPC-W WGEN utility. We also compute a separate baseline to account for the most heavily consumed items: we calculate and report the fraction of hits when the cache is fixed to always contain the top k most frequently consumed items. This article presents  , the OWL ontology 17 used by MESUR to represent bibliographic  , citation and usage data in an integrated manner. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. We used synonyms from PubChem for chemicals that have been identified  , used simple entity recognition to extract information that is later used to increment or decrement weights of some terms and to filter out documents from the ranked list.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. In this social network the friendship connections edges are directed. To account for potential measurement errors when matching social media data with streets  , we add a buffer of 22.5 meters around each street's polyline. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. Then  , we extract all the unique URLs corresponding to events annotated in GDELT with one of these themes for each day. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . The techniques adopted for TDT and event detection can be broadly classified into two categories: 1 clustering documents based on the semantic distance between them 34  , or 2 grouping the frequent words together to represent events 22. As is noted by the Melvyl Recommender project  , OCA texts often silently drop hyphens. For example  , one part of the UN data set—the Commodity Trade Statistics Database COMTRADE—alone provides commodity trade data for all available countries and areas since 1962  , containing almost 1.1 billion records. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. This was intended to tell us whether humans did a better job of categorizing articles than automated techniques. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. Using various data sources of substantial size gives the opportunity to find intended POIs  , which may fall into multiple concepts ranging from rather generic to more detailed ones such as " restaurant " vs. " pizzeria. " In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. 1. Large Linked Datasets. , the articles cited by the current article  , articles that have cited the current article  , and articles co-cited alongside the current article. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? In Letor  , the data is represented as feature vectors and their corresponding relevance labels . UMLS is used to find the synonyms of the technical terms or phrases not recognized by AcroMed or LocusLink. It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. Note that we only use explicit ratings  , i.e. The MESUR project will proceed according to the following project phases: 1. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Table 4presents one positive seed review from TripAdvisor. For getting the informative words  , i.e. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. To determine the probability that a GeneRIF would be found in a particular position  , we annotated a set of 200 MedLine entries from LocusLink associated with GeneRIFs. But no explicit social relationships are maintained in TripAdvisor   , so we need to construct an implicit influence network and learn the influence probabilities on the network. In hearing about paper preservation " they think primarily in terms of mediaeval manuscripts  , precious editions and old documents. Again  , there is a clear relationship between products' overall popularity and the extent to which experts prefer them; non-alcoholic beer is naturally not highly rated on a beer rating website  , while lambics and IPAs are more in favor. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. In the LocusLink lexicon  , entries are indexed by acronyms  , and each entry is a list of aliases that are only associated with the corresponding acronym but no other acronyms. For the example described on Figure 3  , tdt 1 is 24.2  , while tpt 1 is 22.8. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. As a result  , all usage data in the MESUR reference data set is anonymized both regarding individual and institutional identity. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseqp: contains the refseq records in our refseqp XML format. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. The MESUR project attempts to fundamentally increase our understanding of usage data. , via GitHub is gaining popularity among distributed software development community  , the need to continue studying and supporting the evolution of large long-lived OSS projects remains as important as ever. Any injury or defect can be localized and this helps the surgeon to perform an accurate repair. Elastic Block Storage EBS volumes of 350G were allocated for each compute instance to accommodate the size of the index and the need to insure persistence of the database if a compute instance was restarted. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. This strategy is also more in line with intuition. This is due to poor feature selection  , which selects biased page attributes over the pairwise autocorrelation features. The SVMRank 5 algorithm was used in this task and five-folds cross validation was done. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . The first data source we choose is Douban 1 dataset. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. The current release of the UMLS Semantic Network contains 135 semantic types such as " Disease or Syndrome " . To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. Xanga treats email addresses differently: users can provide their email address to Xanga  , and visitors can use the website to send email  , without the address being visible directly. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . Considering the large amount of resources per dataset  , we investigate samplebased strategies as follows: SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. Although none of these sites are represented in the WT2g dataset  , we had to take this possibility into account. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Relative importance of motivational factors. Beyond the social values associated with the online forums  , the owners of the forums also directly benefit from the traffic of active forums  , e.g. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. Second  , users in Stack Overflow are fully independent and no social connections exist between users. Estimating the number of in-links and identifying the concepts without any in-links  , can indicate the importance of a concept. Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. c TripAdvisor. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. After the build-up period  , the average time to process a document stabilized around 60 ms per document for K = 100 the residual growth is due to the increasing number of stories . To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. We extracted these characteristics within an area of 0.25-mile  , 0.5 mile  , 1-mile  , and 2-mile radius. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. Thus  , we choose a 60 day period from 01/01/2009 to 03/01/2009 for our experiments. WebKB. Maintenance. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. In all other four situations there is some drop in effectiveness . Each of the sources might have somewhat different vocabulary usage. They found the cosine similarity measure to show the best empirical results against other measures. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. This is a semantic and applicationdependent decision. We also tried different strategies to normalize our feature vectors  , including L2-norm  , z-score and the LETOR normalization procedure 17  , with no improvements. Events include participating in issues  , pull requests  , and commenting on various GitHub artifacts. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. While there is clearly great utility in being able to group blog entries into general categories  , this presents a question: do tags provide users with the necessary descriptive power to successfully group articles into sets ? A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. As a result  , we obtained 192 million pointsof-interest   , which are annotated with roughly 800 million property-value combinations. After generating a search  , Citebase allows the results to be ranked by 6 criteria: citations to the article or authors  , Web hits to the article or authors  , date of creation  , and last update. GitHub is based on the Git revision control system 6 . We present our parallelization framework of LDA in Section 4 and an empirical study on our Orkut data set in Section 5. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. For segments like new york times subscription  , the answer of whether it should be left intact as a compound concept or further segmented into multiple atomic concepts depends on the connection strength of the components i.e. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. The WT2G collection is a general Web crawl of Web documents  , which has 2 Gigabytes of uncompressed data. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. Having calculated PageRank for all the pages in the graph we choose centroid pages as pages with largest PageRank excluding pages which have more than 30% of neighbours with other centroids. For instance  , they argued that 'documents from the New York Times might be valued higher than other documents that appear in an unknown publication context'. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . However  , the words in the WS-353 dataset are relatively common  , and primarily related to static concepts  , such as " car " and " love " . Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. However. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. For WikiBios   , the results are somewhat worse. Each user can provide ratings ranging from one star to five stars to books  , movies and music  , indicating his/her preference on the item. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. The relevancy judgments provided in OHSUMED are scored 0  , 1 or 2 and there are 45 features for each querydocument pair. For the extraction task  , we distinguish between strict exact match and lenient overlapping match measures. The positive contribution of answers from blog documents to the various component scores was likely depressed due to the nature of the questions asked. Dataset. Once a user joins orkut  , one can publish one's own profile  , upload photos  , and join communities of interest. However  , accurate estimation of visit probabilities is impossibile due to the lack of login and browsing data of TripAdvisor users. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. Three topics get more than 200% improvement  , such as topic 946 +900%  , and only 6 topics get a little drop on performance. Stack Overflow questions contain user supplied tags which indicate the topic of the question. Generally  , the mod-NBC does a little worse than NBC; both perform better on the FBIS topics. LQ12 designed a spider framework to crawl websites from tripadvisor  , in order to collect candidate pages related to attractions  , restaurants etc. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. Updating Θ can be done in parallel for each class and stage  , and updating stages and classes can be parallelized for each sequence. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. Citation-navigation provides Web-links over the existing author-generated references. Table 3shows the overall statistics of user-generated content on Stack Overflow between August 2008 inception to June 2013 current. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. Three of the most accessible were the Merriam-Webster Pock& Dictionary MPD  , its larger sibling  , the Merriam-Webster Seventh Colegiate ~7 and the Longman Di@ionary of Contemporary English LDOCE. The framework aims at supporting people to publish their statistics on the Web of Data in an effective and efficient manner. The test queries include output tests  , selections  , joins  , projections  , aggregates  , and updates. We use the centroid-based approach 23  since it is a popular scheme for compact clusters which are similar to the clusters we see in the AlgoViz DSN. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. This allows the user to navigate back in time articles referred-to  , forward in time cited-by  , and sideways co-cited alongside. We compare the number of normalized TempEx's by HeidelTime tagger to the number of normalized temponyms by our methods. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. Topics and news issues generated using our algorithms are called clusters  , actual topics and news issues called classes  , and Recall  , Precision are calculated as 11 We don't use C Det 20  , which is commonly used in TDT  , because the conditions of our problem and real TDT tasks are different. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . Since we decided to focus on Milano and London  , however  , we can discard this potential issue: our direct knowledge of the city of Milano let us affirm that the spatial objects mapping is quite good and homogeneous throughout the city; OpenStreetMap coverage in the London area was evaluated in 18 and shown to be quite accurate in comparison to official sources. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. To answer our research questions  , we created and analyzed a dataset from the social open source software hosting site GitHub 12. A significant amount of data processing must be performed to turn the heterogeneous usage data collections obtained from a variety of sources into a reference data set that provides a solid basis to perform cross-source analysis: 1. However  , typical Web applications issue a majority of simple queries. We divide our experiments into two parts. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. Although this model can potentially use a lot of bandwidth by sending all updates  , we see little need to optimize the bandwidth consumption for our TPC-W catalog object because the writes to reads ratio is quite small for the catalog information. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Update operations on catalog data are performed at the backend and propagated to edge servers. The Ohsumed data set is available from the LETOR website 1 . When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. This service incurs a database update each time a client updates its shopping cart or does a purchase. For all sites and w  , the full model significantly improves over the activity-only model according to a paired Wilcoxon signed rank test on the F1 scores p < 0.001. link to a KB task. Figure 2shows an example of a family order traversal. The Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. We can see that the performance on Blog-2008 is worse compared to Blog06 and Blog 07. on whether the street is in or near a park. In the experiments  , we first constructed the gold-standard dataset in the following way. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. We analyzed the data to classify values into categories. As part of the TDT research program  , about 200 news topics were identi£ed in that period  , and all stories were marked as onor off-topic for every one of the topics. Thus it is impossible for a user to read all new stories related to his/her interested topics. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. We selected a load of 900 EBs for TPC-W and 330 EBs for RUBBoS  , so that the tested configurations would be significantly loaded. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. In this study  , we used the multi-document summarization task task 2 in DUC2001 for evaluation. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Firstly  , the information stored in the system's database is not in the form of "documents" in the usual sense of the term "full text" or bibliographical references but in the form of "facts" : every "episode" in the lives of our personages which it is possible to collect and represent. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. Singhal and Kaszkiel 4 looked at average in-and out-links  , within and across hosts  , between the smaller WT2g corpus and their own large crawl. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . the entire WT2g Dataset  , both for inLinks and outLinks. , which are usually considered as high-quality text data with little noise. We assigned topical labels to extracted URLs to identify which were medically related. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. Table 1lists the five highest-ranked journals according to their usage 5 at LANL  , one of the initial usage data sets in the MESUR reference data set. In all cases we used 4 database servers and one query router. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. We implemented our TSA approach using the New York Times archive 1863-2004. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. 3 Douban music data 16  , which records 1 ,387 ,216 ratings from 29 ,287 users on 257 ,288 music items. The proposed poster is divided into two primary components . A novel approach to data representation was defined that leverages both relational database and triple store technology. However  , any corpus with similar characteristics can be employed  , including non-English corpora for performing dating of non-English texts. The number of deterministic and probabilistic tuples is in millions. Although the vlHMM and Baseline2 have comparable precision and recall in Test0  , the vlHMM outperforms the baseline substantially in Test1  , where the context information is available. However  , Sindice search results may change due to dynamic indexing. 5. In other words  , 200 temponyms from WikiWars mappings  , 300 from WikiBios mappings  , and 300 from News mappings  , a total of 800 temponym mappings. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. Sampling projects and candidate respondents. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. can observe the tendency that the property sets convey more information than type sets. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. In certain cases  , the usage data is provided by the source in an anonymized form  , in other cases MESUR is responsible for the required processing. Section 2 provides a short description of the used Blog06 collection. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. Various celebrities and noteworthy personalities have used reddit as a means to interact with Internet users  , such conversations fall under the Ask-Me-Anything and its variant subreddits. 3 Each UMLS term generates approximately 5.4 synonymous terms from UMLS. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperforms all methods under all metrics by more than 60%. Note that it is also not the full set of Maven projects  , since Github only returns 99 pages of search results. Therefore  , costly redesign and fine tuning of the manufacturer's controller boards can be avoided. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. Twelve datasets are selected from the bioassay records for cancer cell lines. We showed the method that is not based on approximation and results in accuracy intact. Another metric is the Web Interaction Response Time  , WIRT  , which is used for measuring the latency of the system. Furthermore  , the extended ontology includes the mappings resulted by the schema matching. In total  , 1 ,000 ,000 collaborative GitHub projects i.e. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. A disadvantage of the image system is that it can not highlight search terms within an article. We proposed incremental similarity computation method for several similarity measures such as squared distance  , inner product  , cosine  , and minimum variance in agglomerative hierarchical clustering. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. Values obtained from web input will be well typed; 3. §2 presents related work. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. We provide True- View as a proof of concept that a cross-site analysis can significantly improve the information that the user sees. While there exist many bibliographic utilities comprehensive list e.g. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. We import Stack Overflow documents from the public data dump provided as a set of XML file 5 . Deduction rules. We evaluate our system initially at Cf=/C , ,~0~ = 1  , which was the standard metric in the 1998 TDT-2 evaluation. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. and provide similar products and services e.g. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. Due to the lack of In addition to topics 401-450  , we have executed a number of manual queries on the software. This is because SimFusion+ uses UAM to encode the intra-and inter-relations in a comprehensive way  , thus making the results unbiased. We choose the top 20 hotels in Amish Country  , Lancaster County  , PA from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. , an event significantly different from those news events seen before. To generate the datasets  , we split the Orkut graph into smaller subgraphs of various sizes 10 . These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. In total  , this test corpus contains 1 ,5 million news articles. author  , and action e.g. There are two constraints on S. The first states that ∀xi P y j ∈T ∪{λ} Syj|xi = 1. The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. We observe an interesting behavior: Starting from very small values of λ  , an increase in λ also increases the runtime. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. The study showed that sentences extracted by SISE were considered significantly more meaningful and resulted in the most sentences that added useful information not contained in the API documentation. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. An example for the LocusLink lexicon is that the acronym " psen1 " corresponds to a list of aliases " ps-1  , pre1  , psen  , zfps1  , zf-ps1 " . In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. We plot the log of negative log-likelihood due to scale of the values  , and so lower value implies that model has higher likelihood. Evaluating word relatedness is a natural ability humans have and is  , therefore  , considered a common baseline. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. Since the UMLS Semantic Network defines semantic types for all entities of its member ontologies it was not difficult to obtain a good initial set of disease and symptom entities. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. For the baseline system  , suggestions are ranked per user profile based on their positively rated examples and filtered on the geographic context. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. They might  , however  , rely on subtle social signals that environments like GitHub provide  , without realizing it. Even popular media such as the New York Times has weighed in with doubts about SET. As we explained in Section 5.1  , the datasets of The New York Times news articles were collected to identify the difficulty of classification problem. We iterated through the open-ended responses using grounded theory methods 12  , to categorize them and identify themes. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. Individuals cited multiple reasons for why they were motivated to leave Reddit and try a new platform. It is easy to see that after any update  , the invariant that no trees overlap in the time dimension is preserved. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. Since the number of relevant documents for each topic is generally low  , all the available relevant documents from FT92  , FBIS  , LA and FR are selected. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. There are several avenues for future work. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . GitHub facilitates collaborative development through project forking  , pull requests  , code commenting  , and merging. The first data set was collected by the WebKB Project 3. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. The 1051 pages were manually classified into the categories of course 230 pages and non-course 821 pages. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. 3. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employed Linear SVM. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. These amount to roughly 100k transactions by 34k consumers on 30k products in the testing dataset. This software  , which is a wrapper around the popular Primer3 software package  , automatically designs primers for large numbers of genes in high throughput. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. For each word  , we construct the time series of its occurrence in New York Times articles. For example  , the 1998 KDDCUP dataset 4 contains only 5% positive data and 95% negative data. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. Applied to API documentation and content from Stack Overflow  , the idea is to create a summary of the discussions on Stack Overflow as they relate to a given API type  , assuming that the reader is already familiar with the type's API documentation. The New York Times Online Archive is utilized to facilitate the collection of crisis-related news media. To do our first experiment  , we took a random 1‰ sample of the PubChem database resulting in around 48.000 chemical entities. Code of the API functions and data from our experiments can be found on github. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . , BlogPulse and Technorati. The ranking is based on about 1.5 million usage events. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. Voat has more people to talk to. " For instance  , the engine might recommend The New York Times as a " globally relevant " newspaper  , and the Stanford Daily as a local newspaper. In fact  , by taking the OpenStreetMap polygons for Santa Barbara and Ventura and defining a regular point grid of 1 × 1 km  , we can compute the probability of grid points contained in Ventura to locate in the southeast of Santa Barbara grid points. That is to say  , the whole data set is divided evenly into ten folds. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. While approaches to recommend Stack Overflow discussions exist 32  , our aim is to determine whether the textual content of the video tutorial fragment can be used to retrieve relevant discussions . EBI's Genome Reviews 14 had better annotations and cross references than RefSeq  , and therefore was selected as IMG's main source for public microbial genome data. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Experiments are performed on Web data taken from the Billion Triple Challenge and the Web Data Commons datasets. See Figure 4for an example of the results generated by a query "Vegetable Soup Recipes". This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . Both sites are built around members evaluating and discussing beer. 4 Validation on new data sets  , such as the Jester data set 7 in progress. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. 3  characterize the bottleneck of dynamic web site benchmarks  , including the TPC-W online bookstore and auction site. So far  , MESUR reached agreements for the exchange of usage data with 14 parties  , and as a result has compiled a data set covering over 1 billion article-level usage events  , as well as all associated bibliographic and citation data. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. The vocabulary consists of 20000 most frequent words. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. The method is denoted as SV Dmatrix. Qi et al. However  , participants were free to use any of the other Blog06 collection components for retrieval such as the XML feeds and/or the HTML homepages. 4 For French  , we trained the translation models with the Europarl parallel corpus 6. Such hierarchical sentiment analysis model is applied to the whole Blog06 corpus to generate an opinion polarity judgment list for all the documents  , combined with the corresponding sentiment strength within interval 0  , 1. P recision relaxed = #Correct + #Okay #T otal mappings Temporal enrichment. While our survey was well-received on the other Reddit alternatives  , on Voat  , the survey was met with a less positive reception publicly  , despite positive and constructive private comments about the survey. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. The co-occurrence matrices are computed on low level categories thus clearer blocks means better clustering performance. , Walmart  , McDonald's . Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. We concentrated on developing repositories for four different resources: Medline for biomedical literature  , Refseq for gene DNA sequence  , Refseqp for protein sequence and Swissprot for protein sequence. Finally we would like to mention that our method is completely unsupervised  , in contrast to many TDT systems which tune their parameters over a training dataset from an earlier TDT run. Subjects' authoring and design experiences were mostly scaled little or average  , with a low difference between skill levels. 'Closed' questions are questions which are deemed unfit for the Stack Overflow format. Many times a user's information need has some kind of geographic boundary associated with it. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. A search for " internet service provider " returned only Earthlink in the top 10. This operation is then repeated for tdt 5 and tpt 4 . Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. We observe similar improvement over the baseline as in the English TDT-4 data. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. Therefore  , we compare our approach with two competitive systems from RepLab 2013:  Best RepLab 34. The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. Apart from existing as a question-answering website  , the objective of Stack Overflow is to be a comprehensive knowledge base of programming topics. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. From those terms  , chemical entities are extracted and synonyms for the identified chemical entities are also included from PubChem. RDF 15 triple databases are the natural habitat for data represented in this manner  , and they provide great flexibility for data analysis without the need for extensive upfront application design. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. Citebase contains 230 ,000 full-text eprint records  , and 6 million references of which 1 million are linked to the full-text. We then transformed the dataset into "course" and "non-course" target values. SPARQL endpoint from DataHub in step i  , step ii extracts resource types and instances via SPARQL queries 5 that conform to the definition of resource types and instances in Section 2. each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: As mentioned in Section 4  , the Newsvine site has a dedicated social network among its users. In addition  , 100% of the records were almost instantaneously mirrored on a subscribing news server  " beaufort " . A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. These flaws may be in part harming our approach focusing on individual permalinks' topical relevance. However  , the mean is a poor statistic to describe the power-law distributions of links on the web; average linkage is dominated by the many pages with few links and gives little insight into the topology. Before creating an index of the blog06 corpus  , we extract textual information from the permalink files. Figure 9 shows various quantities of question quality indicators for 'closed' and deleted questions on Stack Overflow . Our selection of projects and contributors to GitHub projects using the pull-based model may not be indicative of the average project. The popularity of GitHub among developers living in the USA is really prominent  , as 3 users out of 10 are based there. The rankings are based on the rank of the similarity of the pair of words out of the 353 pairs in the WS-353 dataset. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. We randomly selected 100 temponyms per model per dataset. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. AS3AP is the ANSI SQL Standard Scaleable and Portable Benchmark for comparing relational DBMSs. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . The interviewer was careful to divorce himself from both Microsoft and The New York Times to make participants more comfortable with discussing the application freely. One explanation is that the 'best' products tend to be ones that require expertise to enjoy  , while novice users may be unable to appreciate them fully. The BDBComp architecture comprises three major layers Figure  1. In Table 9we report the speedup on the Orkut data set. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. Experimental results. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . The pull-based development model  , in conjunction with the social media functions offered by GitHub  , makes contributions and their authors more prominent than in other contribution models. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. This trend is an important ground for the effectiveness of MMPD. Amza et al. For evaluating the quality of a set of 10 results as returned by the resources in response to a test topic  , we use the relevance weights listed above to calculate the Graded Precision introduced by 11  as the generalized precision. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. For each query  , the lexicons are applied in the order of AcroMed  , LocusLink  , and UMLS for query expansion. Given that any dynamic Web site has a finite number of interactions  , it is simple to maintain per-servlet estimates. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . We used 4-fold crossvalidation by department. To achieve its goal as the main source of information about the scientific production of the Brazilian CS community  , BDBComp strongly relies on its self-archiving service. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. To facilitate search and reuse of existing datasets  , descriptive and reliable metadata is required. The third data set was collected by the WebKB Project 4. To assess word relatedness  , we use the WS-353 benchmark dataset  , available online 14  , which contains 353 word pairs. For each query  , the returned top 1 ,000 documents are re-ranked according to the score consisting of the topic relevance and the opinion sentiment strength. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. use  , it is designed at a level of generality that does not directly support the granularity required by the MESUR project. For our accuracy studies we primarily use the well-known LETOR benchmark 14  , version 3. In shop.com dataset  , the short-head 20% involves 0.814% of popular products. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. Terms identified as UMLS concepts are not expanded in the queries because of Essie's built-in morphologic and UMLS derived expansion. To represent two different dimensions of the social connections in GitHub  , we used a measure for social distance and another for prior interaction. We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. , 2012. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. Table 1 shows more detailed information about the collections and its ambiguous groups. b Even though our algorithm adopted a constrained kinematic model  , and our results were obtained only from frame-toframe estimation without an optimization technique over multiple frames  , the translation performance of our system is b These systems are made publicly accessible by the authors who also provide the KITTI benchnark dataset. Unique identifiers for these items are shared among these storage infrastructures and allow jumping from one to the other as needed. We choose IBM DB2 for the database in our distributed TPC-W system. Each database shard included a dimensional data model for its portion of the collection  , and a dimensional index of PubChem 8 terminology for synonym identification. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. Burst Synopsis: In order to aid information discovery  , BlogScope incorporates features that aim to explain events related to a search query. We compare three implementations of TPC-W. " OTW " represents the unmodified original TPC-W implementation. The MESUR project makes use of a triple store to represent and access its collected data. Though not matching our wish list  , the TDT-2 corpus has some desirable properties. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. In the following experiments we restrict ourselves to the most effective routing policy for each application. Exact inference also reduces error as the STACKED- GIBBS approach performs significantly worse p < 0.05 than the STACKED model in every dataset except WebKB. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . We define three classification problems based on this dataset: M1 with positive class compounds as labels 1  , 2 and 3 and negative class as compounds with label 0  , M2 with positive class as labels 2 and 3 and negative class compounds as labels 0 and 1  , and finally the last problem M3 with positive class compounds The rest of the datasets are derived from the PubChem website that pertain to the cancer cell lines 6. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. The UMLS is a thesaurus of biomedical knowledge. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. New York Times had an article on this on August 15 2006. 8 GitHub user profiles  , confirm this consideration. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. After the CP-decomposition  , a time-by-topic matrix is obtained and the topic trend can be observed. In general   , however  , the algorithm should not make a choice of which trees to prune and which to keep intact. The usage of blocks brings several benefits to RIP. On the other hand  , based on the training requests Topics #301 to #400  , the FR collection may produce relevant information for 50 queries and the FBIS sub-collection for 60. In fact  , contributing to as many GitHub projects as possible is an accomplishment  , valued by peers and employers alike 32. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . For Stack Overflow we separately index each question and answer for each discussion. They concluded that CORI  , and a modified version of the CORI algorithm  , performed reasonably effectively at the server selection task. As we have seen in our experiments  , a HAC algorithm over term similarity outperforms all the RepLab systems: this is another evidence that corroborates the issue of data sparsity in our Online Reputation Monitoring problem. Reddit is also a home of subreddits like: ELIF Explain like I'm five  , TIL Today I learnt  , AMAAsk Me Anything etc. The systems of " UniformLink Gold " and " UnionLink Gold "   , which make use of both the within-document relationships and the cross-document relationships betweens sentences in the ideal gold clusters  , almost perform best on both datasets  , except for " UniformLinkGold " on the DUC2001 dataset. On the other hand  , the QTR scenario was completely based on the UMLS without any transformation. To locate the URLs corresponding to news articles relevant to climate change  , we rely on GDELT themes and taxonomies  , which are topical tags that automatically annotate events. The subset of training data kept in the SVM classifier are called support vectors  , which are the informative entries making up the classifier. This result is expected   , since the small disjuncts problem is more likely to happen in sparse datasets. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . WebKB 27  uses conceptual graphs for representing the semantic content of Web documents. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. In addition to the work on semantic search engines  , there have been multiple attempts to extend existing SPARQL endpoints with more advanced NLP tooling such as fuzzy string matching and ranking over results 9 ,12 ,15. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. From the TripAdvisor data  , we randomly sampled 650 threads. We analyze the question-answering Q&A site Stack Overflow  , which makes extensive use of badges and was one of the first sites to use them on a large scale. The proposed MESUR ontology is practical  , as opposed to all encompassing  , in that it represents those artifacts and properties that  , as previously shown in 4  , are realistically available from modern scholarly information systems. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. Construct: Are we asking the right questions ? Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . We define insight sentences as those sentences on Stack Overflow that are related to a particular API type and that provide insight not contained in the API documentation of the type. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . We refer to this dataset as Wiki- Bios. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. Twenty-two study participants were interviewed in three cities: New York  , Chicago  , and Austin. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. We introduce the Celestial tool 4 a cache/gateway for the OAI-PMH and Citebase 5 an end-user service that applies citation-analysis to existing OAI-PMH compliant eprint archives. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . We further refined the selection using the GitHub API to retrieve more detailed information about each repository with the following criteria: This selection included 185 ,342 repositories. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. Edge Density. No holonymy/meronymy composite class definitions are used at this stage of the ontology's development. The Technorati 1 blog search engine calculates a measure of blog authority as the log of the number of incoming blog links over a six month period 9. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. Disasters have been observed to be a prominent subject in international news articles collected by GDELT Kwak and An 2014. As a consequence  , T 5 is executed on M 1 . The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. However  , our sample of programs could be biased by skew in the projects returned by Github. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . Otherwise  , we leave the trees intact. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. Empirically measuring the quality of recommendations has  , in the past  , fallen into two camps. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . This searching was by no means complete and no relevance judgements from this phase were retained. The first part of this paper provides background about the OAI-PMH. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. For example  , in RUBBOS GlobeTP processes 40% more queries than full replication within 10 ms. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest.  Easy integration of datasets: We also provide means to gather datasets for evaluation directly from data services such as DataHub. Oslom takes several days to analyze the Orkut graph whereas SCD finds the communities in a few minutes. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. The results provide evidence for the need to weigh the recent changes in time series distance measurement higher than the ancient changes. However  , an intact partnership between Sender and Receiver would provide an open communication between them and prevent information hiding. In this way  , the global schema remains intact. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. 10  leveraged time-series data generated from the New York Times collection to measure the relatedness of text. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. Another significant component of the MESUR project is the development of a scholarly ontology that represents bibliographic  , citation  , usage concepts  , along with concepts for expressing different artifact metrics. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . The project includes efforts to define provenance XML schemas  , algorithms for uncertainty quantification  , and a novel semantic query model that leverages both relational and triple store databases. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. First  , we prepare the training data and testing data  , including those GeneRIFs existed in LocusLink and the corresponding Medline abstracts. , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . In addition to listing the citing articles  , Citebase provides a summary graph of citations and downloads e.g. Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. The facilities that we will be concerned with in what follows are the Search Facility  , the Retrieval Facility  , the Explain Facility  , and the Browse Facility. The user-related contexts include the number of friends  , the number of " wish 6 " issued and the number of ratings provided; the book-related contexts include the number of " wish " received and the number of ratings got. The UMLS Semantic Network was also included in the Semantic Web. The eastern shoulder of the trough appears shattered into a series of narrow slivers  , while the western shoulder is surprisingly intact. Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Overall  , we consider 1 ,084 ,816 reviews from 4 ,432 users in BeerAdvocate  , and 2 ,016 ,861 reviews from 4 ,584 users in RateBeer. Based on the finding that different servlets of TPC-W benchmark have relatively consistent execution time  , Elnikety et al. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? The set D consists of the 951 ,008 different title keyterms that appeared in the MELVYL database as of December 12  , 1986. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. on the basis of scholarly usage. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. The most common use of Stack Overflow is for how-to questions  , and its dominant programming languages are C#  , Java  , PHP and JavaScript. Choi et al. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. In particular the file directory and B-trees of each surviving logical disc are still intact. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. On the other side  , the document score was based on its reciprocal rank of the selected resource. A number of blog search engines and some hand-crafted directories try to provide a high quality index of feeds. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. Figure 1: Stack Overflow Example meaningful on their own without their surrounding code snippets or the question that prompted a given answer. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Query-side ontological propagation. This is not surprising  , as the BlogPulse blog data was used as a source set of blog urls for harvesting blog author profiles. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. Thus  , we decided that finding best sentences in the corresponding MEDLINE citations might serve the purpose of the secondary task. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. LocusLink is most prominent source of publicly available information on genes. Whenever the need arises to more explicitly declare what kind of range is intended  , this technique can be used e.g. If our service returns a NIL annotation  , GERBIL treats it like " not annotated " . We feel that a TDT system would do better to attempt both of those at the same time. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. 39  , since it also harnesses the natural language text available on Stack Overflow. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. Each review provides a general rating of the hotel  , plus provides seven individual ratings on the following service characteristics: Value  , Room  , Location  , Cleanliness  , Service  , Check-in  , and Business Service. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. As future work  , we intend to evaluate the impact of the service in the expansion of BDBComp as well as on its sustainability. Upon selection of one sentence  , the sentence is expanded to show the surrounding paragraph from the original source  , along with a link to the corresponding Stack Overflow thread. Media stations and newspapers are known to have some degree of political bias  , liberal  , conservative or other. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. Stack Overflow http://stackoverflow.com is a website that allows users to post questions and answers concerning problems in computer programming. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. We randomly selected email addresses in batches of ten. The following sections will describe how bibliographic and usage data is modeled to meet the requirements of understanding large-scale usage behavior  , while at the same time promoting scalabil- ity. A portion of a sample LocusLink entry is shown in The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. shtml. The Blog06 dataset also contained a lot of non-english blogs. We selected three forums of different scales to obtain source data. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. Each Synset contains words which are synonymous with each other  , while the links between Synsets represent hypernymy and hyponomy relationships to form a hierarchical semantic network. Further  , we have gathered that SCOVO is used in the RDFStats framework 15   , see Fig. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. Training Label Set Y0. LabelMe is a web-based tool designed to facilitate image annotation. We also analyze the results of our approach on a different dataset; OHSUMED 5 which is also available in Letor 16. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. Since  , the considered dataset was acquired using a high-end positioning system  , on-road vehicle environment perturbations were modeled by adding uniform distribution noises to the corresponding vehicle fix  , speed and yaw angle measurements. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. We picked all projects that we could retrieve given the Github API  , and selected from these only based on constraints of building and testing. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. For WebKB dataset we learnt 10 topics. The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. It is a graph  , where each user corresponds to a vertex and each user-to-user connection is an edge. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. This article delivers news about establishing wireless networks at the prominent parks in New York city. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. Some prolific developers are even considered "coding rockstars" by the overall community 5. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. In Fig. The distribution of training and testing sets are similar for the Movie and the SRAA data sets. A new collection  , called Blog06  , was created by the University of Glasgow. KPCA-1 to KPCA-5  , none could always achieve the highest accuracy. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. We believe that we are the first to investigate augmenting natural language software documentation from one source with that from another source. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. They were combined using a GA attempting to maximize the average uninterpolated precision just as for filtering. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. Therefore  , using our set of linked users  , we test for the effects of two stated trends: 1 niche communities kept users coming back to Reddit and 2 migration increased users' engagement. As Figure 1 shows  , its popularity is constantly growing; in January 2016  , 135 ,000 repositories on the GitHub social coding site received more than 600 ,000 pull requests. 2. To show our methods can substantially add extra temporal information to documents  , we compare our methods to well known HeidelTime tagger by running the both methods on WikiWars and WikiBios datasets. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. We can see our re-ranking procedure successfully rescores almost all the target documents into the top 100 results. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. The corpus of TDT 2004  , the TDT 5 test collection  , consists of 400 ,000 news stories from a number of sources and languages. Finally  , Section 8 discusses the related work and Section 9 concludes the paper. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. This article introduces preliminary results from the MESUR project  , all of which strongly confirm the potential of scholarly usage data as a tool to study the dynamics of scholarship in real time  , and to form the basis for the definition of novel metrics of scholarly impact. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. Program states will be kept intact across web interactions; 4. The TDT sensor is based on this idea. Furthermore  , according to global OpenStreetMap statistics 1   , Italy and UK are ranked 7th and 10th for number of created spatial objects  , and 4th and 5th for density of created spatial objects per square kilometer. Finally  , we illustrate our locomotion algorithms in simulations faithful to the characteristics of each hardware unit. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Next  , the organisers obtained permission from the New York Times NYT to distribute a large sample of news headlines and their corresponding publication date. EM algorithm. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. The Celestial mirror is used within Southampton by Citebase Search. The central database holding the orders themselves remains intact. It is possible for the learners to generalize to better performance than the trainers. Therefore  , despite the presence of comprehensible and explicit question posting guidelines – Stack Overflow receives a high number of extremely poor quality questions which are not fit to exist on its website. Selecting Applications. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. The English-to-Chinese translation model was trained using the FBIS parallel text collection  , which contains 1.6 million parallel sentences. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. WebKB 3 : This dataset contains 4199 university webpages . Primarily a user-service  , Citebase provides a Web site that allows users to perform a meta-search title  , author etc. For example   , The New York Times and Chicago Tribune provide different viewpoints in their coverage of stories on health care and national defense. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. concludes this paper. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . The features used for the personalization include long-term click behavior and topical classifications of the clicked results  , both similar to those shown to be effective in previous work on personaliza- tion 278. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. Measures of semantic similarity based on taxonomies are well studied 14 . Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. In Fig.9  , the ridge pattern seems intact while the curvatures of ridges actually change. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. The list is maintained and updated by WeChat on a monthly basis. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. The experimental results provided in the LETOR collection also confirm this. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. Thus  , we focus on the coordinate ascent approach for the remainder of this paper. There are various reasons why developers are more prolific on GitHub compared to other platforms. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. Park et al. which is a global quantity but measured locally. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. Therefore  , we decided  , for each new request Topics #401 to #450  , to search in both the FT and LA subcollections without considering our selection procedure. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. We do suggest caution being taken when reviewing the Small Web Task to take the results in the context of the WT2g dataset  , lest one conclude that Connectivity Analysis does not improve precision in any case. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. Though our method of link-content matrix factorization perform slightly better than other methods  , our method of linkcontent supervised matrix factorization outperform significantly. Data sets. Five intact body subjects males 26 to 31 years old participated in this study. WikiWars. ACSys made that data available in two ways. Table 2summarizes the most popular point-of-interest annotations currently found in the OpenStreetMap data. In the 2 years since its foundation in 2008  , more than 1 million questions have been asked on Stack Overflow  , and more than 2.5 million answers have been provided. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. Table 7: Optimal hyper-parameter on all retrieval methods over both types of verbose queries tuned for MAP on WT2g. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. f Xanga web-link categories We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. observed a bias in the locations of sites linked to various newspaper sites 11. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. The results are reported for the BPR loss function  , which achieved the best results for the Newsvine dataset in accordance with the previous subsection. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. Table 3gives detailed descriptions of two topics in blog06 and blog07. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. We begin by giving an overview of related work. In order to handle the sheer size of the DMOZ hierarchy  , we included only the first three levels of the hierarchy in our experiments . The support vectors are intact entries taken from training data. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. Over the course of 10 years the BeerAdvocate and RateBeer communities have evolved both in terms of their user base as well as ways in which users review and discuss beer. 19 found that when GitHub developers engage in information-seeking behaviors  , they use signals in the environment to form impressions of users and projects. Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. Recommendations to Groups. However  , at very different levels: the probability of knowing the type set for a given property set ranges between 15.15% and 54.85%. For our static analyses we consider these networks as they appear on the final day of the time window we take into con- sideration. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. They may still be restored with edits intact simply by loading them."   , navigate the literature using linked citations and citation analysis  , and to retrieve linked full-texts in Adobe PDF format. Therefore  , the MESUR project uses a combination of a relational database to store and query item e.g. In our dataset  , most pull requests 84.73% are eventually merged. , function words and introducers in this paper  , from training data  , we gather GeneRIF from LocusLink. On the other hand  , RUBiS requires coarser-grain update-intensive services  , but they can be scaled relatively easily. The Wookieepedia collection provides two distinct quality taxonomies. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. SUDS overall accuracy is reported at 62.1% when evaluated using the Brown2 part of SemCor  , this is representative of the current state of the art systems2. TPC-W 3  for example includes the WGEN program that populates the benchmark's text attributes using a static collection of words and a grammar. Orkut is a large social networking website. To augment our analysis we also captured data from the New York Times BlogRunner service. On one hand  , different clustering techniques such as HAC  , VOS clustering 9—a community detection algorithm—and K-star 33 were used by the participants. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. About 300 training documents were available per topic. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Our data is aggregated every 60 minutes  , comes from both TIM customers and roaming customers in the six cities  , and covers the time ranging from February to October 2014. Therefore  , we integrated the professional chemical information from the suggested website ChemID plus 5 and PubChem 6 in our Algorithm 1. The underlying theme of Stack Overflow is programming-related topics and the target audience are software developers  , maintenance professionals and programmers . At the TechCrunch event Realtime Stream Crunchup he announced that he would be joining BT to work together with JP Rangaswami. The robot malfunctioned during four of the 17 interviews. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. However  , few of the previous works focus on detecting semantic relationships. Using TF-IDF 18 to cluster documents and pairwise cosine similarity to measure the similarity of all articles in each cluster  , they found that tags categorize articles in the broad sense. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. Hence  , neighboring points are kept intact if they have the same label  , whereas avoid points of other classes from entering the neighborhood. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. discussing travel experiences in TripAdvisor. Algorithm 2 needs to use AcroMed and LocusLink databases for query expansion. In the KITTI dataset  , nine sequences have loop closures. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. Then  , the local topic distribution estimated from the topic dependencies is applied to represent both locations and news articles. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. Answers while others could be more general e.g. We present here performance evaluations of TPC-W  , which we consider as the most challenging of the three applications. For the domain of software development   , the website Stack Overflow 4 facilitates the exchange of knowledge between programmers connected via the Internet . The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. However  , before making this service available it was necessary to collect some data to construct its " seed " collection. The TPC-W application uses a database with seven tables   , which are queried by 23 read and 7 UDI templates. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. We used Github APIs to search 3 for SW repositories and to collect contact information for the corresponding contributors when available. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. Hence  , many organizations are still today appointing individuals to manually link textual elements to concepts. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. TPC- W models an on-line bookstore and defines workloads that exercise different parts of the system such as the Web server  , database server  , etc. While several services exist with similar characteristics  , few  , if any  , comprehensive studies of such services have been reported in the DL literature. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. Prototypical examples of PSLNL document collection include sets of conference information and seminar announcements. 1 http://bit.ly/1jfjRHL 2 http://bit.ly/1ksdYHv 3 http://bit.ly/1dxEJSX 4 http://bit.ly/OFmPrj Figure 1: Pinterest profile of a famous designer/blogger. When no root is detected  , the algorithm retains the given word intact. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. The base query consisted of the patient summary itself  , concatenated with the list of UMLS concept codes. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . exact string match  , normalised string match. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Section 2 provides a short description of the newly created Blog06 test collection. We used Github data as provided through our GHTorrent project 16  , an off-line mirror of the data offered through the Github API. Part of the top stories task is a collection of 102 ,812 news headlines from the New York Times. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The documents were then split into sentences and there were totally 1736 sentences. One advantage of using this type of controller is that the position servo supplied by the robot manufacturer can remain completely intact. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. Through Github facilities. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. In contrast to the WikiWars  , this corpus contains fewer event temponyms but features many temponyms that refer to temporal facts awards  , spouses  , positions held  , etc. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. For BRIGHTKITE  , PDP captures essentially all of the likelihood. and WT2g. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. It provides detailed information about the function and position of genes. This design choice was a major factor that prompted the engineering of a new ontology for bibliographic and usage modeling. The results of the performance for the TSA algorithm with cross correlation distance function over WS-353 are presented in Table 8. Other services can harvest this enhanced metadata from Citebase to provide a reference-linked environment  , or perform further analysis or they can be harvested by the source archives to enhance their own data. We also use different algorithms for cost evaluation of orders. Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. For example  , one shard for EP 000000  , one shard for EP 000001  , one shard for US 020060  , etc. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. As shown in Table 2  , this dataset contains 25 ,527 articles with 1 ,664 ,917 comments and 320 ,425 users. We will use the New York Times annotated corpus 1 since it is readily available for research purposes. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. We noticed that some developers are interested in borrowing emerging technologies e.g. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. All performance experiments use the TPC-H data set with a probabilistic schema containing uncertainty in the part  , orders  , customer  , supplier  w/P are in Gb. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. Along with novel models of scholarly evaluation  , advances in semantic network analysis algorithms and large-scale data management techniques have and will continue to be produced. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. 6 We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. Overall  , reactions to the application's desirability are likely to have been swayed by its connection to The New York Times itself; the newspaper's journalistic reputation and quality were often folded into interviewees' comments about the TNR: " It is The New York Times. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. The method penalizes mirrors and near mirrors   , whereas genuine agreement between the sources is kept intact. For each mention  , the entity linker provides a distribution over the top fifty most probable entities. Figure 6 presents the complete taxonomy of the MESUR ontology. Table 2shows k-means clustering results on the WebKB 4 Universities data set. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. In other words  , products with high average ratings are rated more highly by experts; products with low average ratings are rated more highly by beginners. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered.  LETOR: Using only statistical features associated with matched terms features L1−10 and H1−3 in Tab. 2  is that sentences extracted by our linking approach always reflect the latest content available on Stack Overflow. The results of our evaluation suggest that the context of sentences will play an important role when complementing API documentation with sentences from Stack Overflow. To achieve higher accuracy than we did with topes  , programmers would need to combine numerous international formats into a single regexp for each data category  , which stands in stark contrast to current practice. The requirement to handle a variety of semantic relationships publishes  , cites  , uses and different types of content bibliographic data  , citation data  , usage data  , led MESUR to define a context-centric OWL ontology that models the scholarly communication process 19 3 . Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. Basic biology includes isolation  , structure  , genetics and function of genes/proteins in normal and disease states 9. For SRAA dataset we learnt 10 topics on the complete dataset and labeled these 10 topics for all the three classification tasks. meet the soft deadline. There are 106 queries in the collection. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. By estimating the Wikitravel category for the provided examples  , we created personalised category prior probabilities. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. The most comprehensive open access database for the area of chemistry is PubChem 14 . An exception is the Datahub data set D  , where the distribution of resources in type sets and property sets seems comparable. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. We use the DUC2001 and DUC2002 datasets for evaluation in the experiments. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. It is presently unclear how these receptors could selectively mediate cAMP responses to sugars and inositol trisphosphate IP<INF>3</INF> responses to artificial sweeteners. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. We thus examined whether tapping the co-commenting patterns of a user's friends can help improve our personalized recommendation for the user. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. We therefore use RR-QID for measurements of TPC-W  , and costbased routing for RUBBoS. However  , few researches consider the utilization of sentiment in the TDT domain. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . For the subset of irrelevant documents  , the number of candidates is huge. However  , their tasks are not consistent with ours. In our solution  , an intermediate taxonomy is used to train classifiers bridging the queries and target categories so that there is no need to collect the training data. LocusLink is used to find the aliases of the acronyms identified by AcroMed. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " In addition to applications in retail and distribution  , RFID technology holds the promise to simplify aircraft maintenance  , baggage handling  , laboratory procedures  , and other tasks. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . Even assuming that these slow algorithms scale linearly with the problem size  , which is not true for most of them  , the analysis of large graphs may require unaffordable times. The For a similar reason  , we discard beers which are individual events in our setting that have been reviewed by fewer than 50 users. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. WebKB This dataset contains webpages from computer science departments at around four different universities 7 . For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , if the corpus contains " new york times " somewhere  , then the longest match at that position is " new york times "   , not " new york " or " york times " . Using recently acquired hardware we have reduced this time to below 2 seconds per query. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. Naturally  , there may be considerable variation from one topic to another. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. Records may be physically deleted immediately when a delete command is received or they may be flagged as deleted but left intact until garbage collection is done. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. The goal of our workflow is to generate enriched index pages for all documents within the collection. Future work will present benchmark results of the MESUR triple store. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. There are a number of future directions for this work. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. Similar figures are seen for other workload mixes of TPC-W. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. Hence  , we envision some extensions to Triplify such as a more external annotation of the SQL views in order to allow optionally SPARQL processing on Triplify endpoints. The MESUR ontology is currently at version 2007-01 at http://www.mesur.org/schemas/2007-01/mesur abbreviated mesur. Missing important tweets and news items about an entity of interest can be disastrous and expensive 9. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. The third case occurs if WS is damaged but RS is intact. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the Our experimental results also show that: 1 there is some sensitivity of the method to the choice of the user-defined parameter  , φmax  , although there are some ranges of values in which the results are very stable and 2 the combination of the first step of our method with other supervised ones does not produce good results as we obtained with SAND. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Therefore the queries are relatively long and the writing quality is good. Douban  , launched on March 6  , 2005  , is a Chinese Web 2.0 web site providing user rating  , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. Nevertheless  , we have adapted the AS3AP benchmark to fit into our purposes. Similarly  , about 80% of accesses to the customer tables use simple queries. The BLOG06 corpus contains feeds ranking in size from just 1 or 2 posts to feeds with several hun- dred. 3 For client-side projects  , we select from the most popular JavaScript projects on GitHub. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. , GitHub and bringing them to their own working environments. Stack Overflow 4 : This dataset comes from a popular question answering service found among the datasets of the Stack Exchange XML dump. post/pole and wall/fence. Our experiment showed that SugarCube is successful in providing a method for quantifying the propagation of topics  , and also in identifying heavily percolated ones within the test collection. The denormalized TPC-W contains one update-intensive service: the Financial service. All reported data points are averages over the four cluster nodes. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. This set of user information includes 95 ,270 unique GitHub user accounts. A set of experiments is conducted on the DUC2001 data sets to evaluate our proposed method. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. Krizhevsky et al. There already exist a number of widely used vocabularies  , many of which are applicable for desktop data. We posted a message asking people to tell us how they used the web to form and promote their opinions and used their responses to select people who we thought might fit our " skeptical reader " and " activist " personas. The data extraction experiment proceeded as follows: From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. Algorithm 1 is very simple  , easy to implement and don't need any external biomedical resource. We used the Github Archive database 4 to make a list of the most-watched Rails-associated repositories. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. In our experiments we used the UMLS Knowledge Source Server to query the UMLS Metathesaurus with source ontology terms. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Then structured queries are formed to do retrieval over different fields of documents with different weights. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. In Section 3  , we show how ARM and LDA can be adapted for the community recommendation task. The GHTorrent dataset covers a broad range of development activities on Github  , including pull requests and issues. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. For example  , it can split " new york times " in the above case to " new york " and " times " if corpus statistics make it more reasonable to do so. Analogously to term features  , we compute the semantic features semantic_jaccard  , semantic_lin_cf and semantic_lin_tfidf over the bag-of-entities tweet representation. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. To safeguard user privacy  , all user and community data were anonymized as performed in 17. The key issue is how to get function words and introducers and how to measure such scores. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. Similarly  , Radinsky et al. We opt for leaving the fully utilized instances intact as they already make good contributions. In principle we obtain the complete set of reviews from each of these sources; data in each of our corpora spans at least 10 years. 17 reports findings on a number of metadata harvesting experiments. The AS3AP DB is composed of five relations. Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Table 1summarizes the properties of these data sets. In the distributed TPC-W system  , we use this object to manage catalog information  , which contains book descriptions  , book prices  , and book photos. , " times " cannot associate with the word " square " following it but not included in the query. Section 2 describes the size  , origin  , and representation of the MESUR reference data set. Furthermore  , the MESUR project aims to contribute to the study of large-scale semantic networks. There is also an implicit template for major headline news items. These results indicate that taking into account Stack Overflow meta data as well as part-of-speech tags can significantly improve existing unsupervised approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. In this work  , we use the New York Times archive spanning over 130 years. In the intact case  , a perturbation at cycle '2' leads to outlying trajectories  , but the trajectory is quickly restored to the nominal orbit. To define user interests in a manageable way for all models  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. The FedWeb 2014 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. Also  , the infrastructure we used for the analysis is available open source as a GitHub repository 5. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. Moreover  , ASR systems are constrained by a lexicon and can give as output only words belonging to it  , while OCR systems can work without a lexicon this corresponds to the possibility of transcribing any character string and can output sequences of symbols not necessarily corresponding to actual words. Table 1gives a short summary of the two datasets. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. JESTER the Java Environment for Statistical Transformations is a general workbench that allows the interactive selection of parameters for optimising the transfer relation between a pair of classification systems. Both events coincide with a surge in discussion among Reddit users of alternatives to Reddit see Figure 1. were available on other platforms. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. The dataset is available in two different formats: structured around documents Sindice-DE and structured around entities Sindice-ED. Information about trees and parks is extracted from OpenStreetMap. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. 2 How would you grade your knowledge about the Dublin Core metadata standard ? When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. TDT project has its own evaluation plan. Stack Overflow delineates an elaborate procedure to delete a question. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% We have not yet fully exploited that ability in AQuery. Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. Surveys were first posted publicly to communities on Reddit  , Voat  , Hubski  , Empeopled  , Snapzu  , Stacksity  , Piroot  , HackerNews  , Linkibl  , SaidWho and Qetzl. Nevertheless  , the identity of program entities remains intact even after refactoring operations. Consequently the original datasets were left intact. We use a subset of the TDT-2 benchmark dataset. We conclude that considering the meta data available on Stack Overflow along with natural language characteristics can improve existing approaches when applied to Stack Overflow data. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. We analyzed two affiliation networks. We started the extraction process with one highly connected FriendFeed user and crawled the profiles of all his subscribers and subscriptions . Comparing the two graphs in Figure  6a and For computational efficiency reasons  , we learn recency weights over the previous 200 positions only. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. In this section we present descriptions of the GitHub setting  , our data collection procedures  , measure calculation  , and analysis technique. As a developing service Citebase often needs to completely re-harvest its metadata  , and using a local mirror avoids repeatedly making very large requests to source archives. The best system in the official RepLab 2013 evaluation campaign 2. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. In KITTI dataset  , the sensor used for data recording consist of two grayscale and two color video cameras Point Grey Flea2  , 10 Hz  , 1392×512 pixel resolution  , 90 o ×35 o opening angle  , a laser scanner and a GPS/IMU INS OXTS RT 3003  , 100 Hz. We hope that the 10GB dataset next year will contain a higher percentage of Functional links. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. To test interaction with Craigslist  , we search for and then post an advertisement. Accordingly  , the connectivity data was also distributed by ftp in a highly compressed format based on WT2g document numbers. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. Github automatically detects conflicting pull requests and marks them as such. Some of the top-ranked posts discuss the relationship of human capital and ICT-related developments. The results on seven datasets in LETOR 3.0 show that the NDCG-Annealing algorithm can outperform the baselines and it is more stable. Thus  , for more effective retrieval  , we looked at ways to expand our query. We filter out those points which are either outside of the city boundary or in the ocean. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. WebKB consists of 1051 web pages collected from web sites of computer science departments of four famous universities in U. S. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. His visual fields are intact. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. In this section  , we provide an overview of the processing steps for generating structured dataset profiles. Applications developers used a graphical toolkit called the Windows Presentation Foundation WPF that includes facilities to define template-based adaptive layout. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. The largest information source was the New-York-Times archive  , on which optical character recognition OCR was performed. We adapt the E-M algorithm of Saito  , Nakano  , and Kimura 2008 to extract social influence in TripAdvisor  , and use it as input to our participation maximization algorithm. We also recall that questions on Stack Overflow are not digitally deleted i.e. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. In our experiments  , the terms in a document  , weighted by their frequency of occurrence in it  , were used as features. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. For Spam data set  , we give classification accuracies for each user inbox. The precision numbers are particularly good for the News and the WikiWars corpora  , thus achieving high value for semantic markup and knowledge enrichment. However  , the motion vectors can also lost during the transmission. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. This list of ten further illustrates the variety of content found in metadata repositories. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. All other existing data types and operators in the PostgreSQL system dotted-line boxes remain intact. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. The second collection is the largest provided by the Wikia service  , Wookieepedia  , about the Starwars universe. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. Standard test collections are provided and metrics are defined for the evaluation of developed systems. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . Hence  , it is important to perform a longitudinal study about deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Although not part of the TDT task  , systems such as 8  for visualizing news broadcasts on maps also take advantage of a time-tagged data stream. how strong / often are " new york times " and " subscription " associated and the application e.g. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. On average  , each document within the collection includes 9.13 outgoing links. Stack Overflow is a programming based CQA and the most popular Stack Exchange website consisting of 5.1M questions  , 9.4M answers and 2.05 registered users on its website. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. We deployed the TPC-W benchmark in the edge servers. Using the input queries  , the WoD is searched. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. Styles do not perform as well as genres H@3 of 0.76  , mostly due to the fact that the AllMusic labels are too fine-grained to clearly distinguish between them 109 classes. However  , the timeconsuming process of aggregation  , filtering  , parsing  , and deduplicating 1 billion usage events was terminated only recently . Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. We located the words from the GeneRIF within the title and abstract. In TripAdvisor   , t win is about 60 days. On the other hand  , the first rank of the Model-Text suggestion is the WikiTravel page of the state of Michigan that is judged as a relevant suggestion. This yields to complex SPARQL expressions  , as it will often require a verbose check to make sure that an item has only certain dimensions and no others. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. Citebase  , more fully described by Hitchcock et al. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. An example is provided in Figure 2. This presents us with an unprecedented opportunity to study linguistic change over users' entire lifespans  , from the moment they joined the community—which we define as the time of their first post 2 — to the moment they abandon the community. Other work Ottoni et al. We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. The corpus BBN supplied us with contained 56 ,974 articles. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. Only the default OAI metadata format  , oai_dc  , is available for each OAI item. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. The most common indicator of journal status is Thomson Scientific's journal Impact Factor IF that is published every year for a set of about 8 ,000 selected journals. In our evaluation experiments  , we used two standard corpora: Reuter-21578 3 and WebKB 4. SCOVO is used in voiD  , the " Vocabulary of Interlinked Datasets " 1  to express information about the number of triples  , resources and so forth. Hedge finds many relevant documents " common " to various retrieval systems   , thus documents likely to contain many of the query words. Since this paper focuses on the recommendation in ecommerce sites  , we collect a dataset from a typical e-commerce website  , shop.com  , for our experiments. One of the prominent collections of AlgoViz is the bibliography of publications related to algorithm visualizations . For example  , for the category " staff " of the WebKB dataset  , the F 1 measurement is only about 12% for all methods. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. GeneRIF snippets sometimes contain direct quotations from article abstracts but they might also include or paraphrase certain texts extracted from article titles or abstracts. This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. Consequently  , it took 3 ,854 seconds to execute 25 million queries using the FP Tree  , as compare to only 63 seconds using the HDO-WAH encoded bitmaps  , a significant difference! separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. The length of sequence can be of great interest in many datasets; for example  , it represents how actively a user enters reviews on BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , how popular a phrase is in NIFTY  , or the skill of a player on Wikispeedia. Our approach was based on using the WT2g dataset  , consisting of 247 ,491 HTML documents at 2GB storage requirements. Original queries and documents are fed to the MetaMap. It is not clear. These  , for instance  , are an indicator for available source code. For our experiments we used preprocessed WebKB dataset 1 . There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. The DUC2001 data set is used for evaluation in our experiments . Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Table 1summarizes the performance of all models when different datasets are used. In Section 4  , we conduct experiments with the TPC-W benchmark workload  , primarily targeting system availability  , performance   , and consistency. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Mainstream Media Collection. This process was conducted recursively  , until no further profiles were discovered. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. We recruited eight participants from GitHub  , randomly selecting from the 68 ,949 GitHub users who had made at least one contribution in the previous twelve months  , used Java in at least one of their projects  , and had published their email address. Overall  , the project had produced a 160GB database of geo data until July 2008  , in some regions surpassing commercial geo data providers in terms of precision and detail. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. Report-side ontological propagation. At the same time  , we want to see if our system throughput is competitive with a traditional centralized architec- ture. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . TDT is concerned with finding and following new events in a stream of documents. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. Many alternatives to Reddit saw a substantial increase in their relative post and comment volumes; however  , the volume on Reddit was largely unchanged  , indicating that the events had minimal effect on Reddit itself. The purpose was withheld so to not affect the outcome. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. Information for this result can be found in 8. As stated above  , this task is ranking blog feeds in response to a query  , not blog posts. the publisher of the documents  , the time when the document was published etc. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. In TPC-W  , updates to a database are always made using simple query. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. Thus  , in addition to the two tables required to represent the entity types work and set  , there is a separate table for each multivalued attribute. Structured call sequences are extracted from open-source projects on GitHub. The correlation of such words  , such as " Mars " and " water " in 1900 should be weighted differently from the correlation they exhibit in 2008  , when NASA images suggested the presence of water on Mars. 4 from NEC Labs America experiment with  , expansion with UMLS concept. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. If we ignore the nonnegative constraints  , and keep the orthogonality intact  , the solution for H is given by the generalized eigenvectors of D − W . In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded It is not known at this stage  , what proportion of the dead links those whose target lies outside WT2g are inter-server links and how many are references to same-server pages which happen to be missing from the VLC2 1 . As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. Each article has a time stamp indicating the publication date. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. For the experimental resulbs given here  , the set Q cont.ains 817 ,093 title keyterms t#hat were extracted from a sample of 885 ,930 MELVYL catalog FIND commands of which 326 ,511 referenced bhe title keyterm index recorded from public access MELVYL catalog termino.ls during part of 1986. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. Thus  , our methods add 16% additional temporal information to WikiBios dataset and 27% to WikiWars dataset. Meanwhile   , we want to obtain a visit probability sequence that is similar at least in trend to the real data. In particular  , TPC-W benchmark defines the catalog update operations as 0.11% of all operations in the workload. Since all insight sentences used in this paper were obtained from sets of ten Stack Overflow threads associated with an API type  , we would expect comparable results for any API type with at least ten threads on Stack Overflow. Pyramid. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. Unlike TPC-W  , the RUBBoS workload has quite high database query locality. We evaluate the three strategies of generating resource representations as discussed in Section 2.2  , with varying numbers of topics K in training the LDA topic model. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. Despite the increased performance  , TPC-W cannot fully utilize the web server's computational resources cf. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. The detail of our data preparation can be found in Section 6. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. In particular  , we integrated 6 additional annotators not evaluated against each other in previous works e.g. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. The ODP indexes a wide variety of websites in over 40 languages  , and all search engines have an equal chance of indexing it. The relatedness of these pairs of words is then evaluated using human annotators   , as done in the WS-353 dataset. The poor performance of SVM-DBSCAN is mainly due to the small number of attributes used when compared with the original proposed method described in 17. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. Recall that in Figure 1we examined the same relationship on RateBeer data in more detail. AMF encapsulates the relationships within the scholarly research: between authors  , articles  , organisations  , and publications. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. In Section 5 we describe experiments with the wellknown public ranking data set LETOR  , from Microsoft. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. TPC Benchmark W TPC-W is an industry-standard transactional web benchmark that models an online bookstore 34. A second difference concerns the objectives of the search procedures operating in the system. Two OAI metadata formats are provided for each OAI item: refseq: contains the refseq records in our refseq XML format. Bio2RDF dataset vocabularies and their SIO-mappings are stored in separate OWL ontologies on the bio2rdf-mapping GitHub repository 8 . TDT systems monitor continuously updated news stories and try to detect the first occurrence of a new story; i.e. Our parallel LDA code was implemented in C++. In contrast with the previous standard benchmark  , WS-353  , our new dataset has been constructed by a computer algorithm also presented below  , which eliminates subjective selection of words. We first collected the top destinations recommended by TripAdvisor 8 for four travel intentions including Beaches & Sun  , Casinos  , History & Culture  , and Skiing. Besides the two systems described in detail in §3.5  , RepLab participation included both supervised and unsupervised techniques. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. The Ilumina project 7 provides recommendations based on document metadata  , available subject expert analysis of documents  , resource use as discovered in logs  , and user profiles for those users who are registered with the system. Organization and contributions. In order to find the most qualified concepts representing query context we model and develop query domain ontology for each query using UMLS Metathesaurus. Answers and Stack Overflow  , there is no formalized friendship connection. We highlight our contributions and key results below. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. In the figure  , we plotted the results for an exemplary hotel from the TripAdvisor database. However  , current approaches e.g. Table 1 , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. This leaves some ambiguity in query segmentation  , as we will discuss later. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. The undecidability can be verified by reduction from the implication problem for standard FDs and INDs. Fig- ure 16shows the word cloud of the top-50 tags that occur in undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. If hard-coding the dissemination threshold proves viable beyond of our tested topics  , it would eliminate the need to store the document vectors. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. The exponential scoring function should help to avoid segmentations like " new york " " times " . Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. Seen from the tables  , most proposed systems using the popular clustering algorithm or gold clustering algorithm outperform the baseline " IntraLink " . Finally  , empirical evaluation shows that TSA exhibits superior performance compared to the previous state of the art method ESA  , and achieves higher correlation with human judgments on both datasets. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. Upweighting of positive examples: yes w = 5. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. Their study focuses on discovering and explaining the bottleneck resources in each benchmark. If an acronym included in the expanded query can locate in LocusLink its aliases  , the aliases are included and their weights are equal to the weight of the acronym. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . Again  , TSA performs substantially better than ESA  , confirming that temporal information is useful on other datasets. In Table 2 b  , HeidelTime's evaluation results on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE are presented. In Section 8  , all effectiveness measures except NDCG treat judgments of 1 and 2 as relevant. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. This simple implementation meets our system design priorities. Based on the results shown in section 5.1 we used the 5 uncorrelated measures Russell-Rao  , Yule  , Forbes  , Simpson and Manhattan for calculating the similarity values. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. The work described in 10   , for instance  , is based on the first assumption and is implemented as a combination of two focused crawlers: one to discover relevant websites and the other to crawl them. The experimental results show that our approach can improve the base algorithm significantly with better precision  , recall and conversion rates. Orkut is a general purpose social network. Each split used 70% of the data for training and 30% for testing. When nothing is detected by the sonar  , cells with certainty values over a threshold will remain intact to avoid map corruption. In BDBComp see Table 9  , the effectiveness is not hurt only when we do not add new examples to the training data. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Nasdaq. OWA operator was used as an aggregator in our system. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. The TDT cost function assumes a constant value of P rel across different topics to obtain the standard TDT cost function described above. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. The report found that " Citebase can be used simply and reliably for resource discovery. Client requests may cycle between the front and back-end database servers before they are returned to the client. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. We varied the load from 140-2500 Emulated Browsers EB. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. We choose hotels in Amish Country because during our initial investigation many potentially suspicious hotels were present. A snapshot of this dataset was taken in March 2007 containing 263 ,619 publications and from this 36 previous monthly snapshots were generated with the first one March 2004 containing 174 ,786 publications. After code is checked in for the first time  , subsequent 'check-in's need to store only the changes from last checkin . To evaluate the system performance  , we run the TPC-W on four architectures as illustrated in Figure 2 . The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. For this case study  , we use a fixed sequence of TPC-W requests. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. The paper is structured as follows: We motivate the need for a simple RDB-to-RDF mapping solution in Section 2 by comparing indicators for the growth of the Semantic Web with those for the Web. For example  , each insight sentence could be accompanied by an expandable widget which shows the entire thread on Stack Overflow from which the insight sentence originated. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Threats due to sampling bias: To ensure representativeness of our samples  , we opted to use search results from the Github repository of Java projects that use the Maven build system. We analyze the tag distribution of closed and deleted questions and compare them to the overall tag distribution on Stack Overflow. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. 3.3. Members of the GitHub community regard certain members as being at a higher standing. We also show that our correct abstract algorithms  , can be instantiated to three very different robots with their correctness properties intact. Furthermore  , the Newsvine friendship relations are publicly crawlable. Selection Criteria. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. As an example of a case where additional parallelism did not provide any added benefit  , the KDDCup plot for decision trees shows that no improvements in execution time are achieved beyond 32 partitions. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. 5 evaluated CORI  , vGlOSS  , and CVV in a testbed based on the 2GB  , 956 server WT2g crawl of the Web. The two methods described in this section focus the user's display on their current context e.g. The proposed model was shown to be effective across five standard relevance retrieval baselines. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. While pull-based development e.g. An overview of the pull request process can be seen in Figure 1. ELSA was evaluated with the New York Times corpus for fifteen famous locations. syntactic mistakes  , improper references  , and all the problems sketched in the scenario section. First-time and secondtime reviewers excluded. not hard to consider of making use of news articles as external resources to expand original query 4. As we increase the number of database servers  , partial replication performs significantly better than full replication. We conduct the first large scale study of deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. We consider better  , in terms of quality  , those algorithms that have better matching with the gold standard  , independently of the type of algorithm under consideration. We find that both algorithms are powerful for improving retrieval performance in biomedical domain. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. In the AcroMed lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of acronyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase  , accompanied by the frequencies of such associations. It consists of almost 20 million nodes vectors and 2 billion links non-zero weights  , yielding roughly . If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. We have proposed a vocabulary  , SCOVO  , and discussed good practice guidelines for publishing statistical data on the Web in this paper. However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. From Fig. The similarities are computed based on the either the category or description of the suggestions. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. For each video fragment   , we also show the top-three relevant Stack Overflow posts  , and ask RQ3 to what extent they are relevant and complementary to the video tutorial fragments. In a Web search setting  , Bai et al. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. Dimensions of a statistical item are factors of the corresponding events  , attached through the dimension property  , pointing to an instance of the SCOVO Dimension class. For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. TaggerEvaluation. The second part is conducted on the same Orkut data set to investigate the scalability of our parallel implementation. In most cases  , the proposed algorithm runs within 100 ms which denotes proposed algorithm is real-time for the KITTI dataset which was captured 10 fps. For various subsets of the datasets discussed above  , we choose number of topics as twice the number of classes. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. This section describes the construction of an extremely accurate estimator for predica.tes of the form term IN TITLE-KEYTERMS as au example of the applicability of user-defined predicate selectivity estimators. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. This will allow us to isolate the performance of the temporal dimension in the TSA semantics. IV. Section 5.1 discusses criteria used to measure the quality of estimators. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. We used the TDT-2 corpus for our experiment. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. To get an idea of the percentage of simple queries used on real e-commerce applications  , we examined the TPC-W benchmark which models a digital bookstore 27. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. Figure 3below shows the precision at 5 -1000 documents returned from running the modified queries on WT2g. Overflow. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. When the data is present in a table with a certain layout  , it turns out to be advantageous to not only repurpose and link the data  , but also reuse the data table in the author's intended form. In order to do this  , the MESUR project makes use of a representative collection of bibliographic  , citation and usage data. 2  is currently defined in RDF- Schema. Despite the large number of repositories hosted at GitHub  , developers work only on a consistently smaller fraction of them. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. This is an example of regional knowledge obtained through Web mining. We created a separate index of this collection  , resulting in an average news headline length of 11 words. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. , 'NASDAQ' was ranked high because it is appeared on the side bars in many of the news articles. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. We use a 482-class topic taxonomy from DMoz http://dmoz.org/ and a sampling and classifying technique that we will describe in §2. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. they display graph properties similar to measurements of other popular social networks such as Orkut 25. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. The experiment8 foreseen require care in the design and population of the test databases. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. This was used both to evaluate the outcomes of the project  , and to help guide the future direction of Citebase as an ongoing service. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . Typically  , classification accuracies averaged over all the six classes are published with WebKB and are usually in the 70 − 90% range depending on the choice of features. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. When viewing a cached full-text PDF  , Citebase overlays reference links within the document  , so a user can jump from viewing a full-text to the abstract page of a cited article. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. With Sindice being discontinued in 2014  , no text-based Semantic Web search engine is widely available to the Semantic Web community today. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. In the COPAC catalog  , for example  , a Z39.50 search for language=arabic returns 44549 records with Arabic titles. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. , New York Times and New York University are children of New York  , and they are all leaves. We proceed to describe how each of the datasets was obtained and preprocessed. If crossover is performed  , the genes between the parents are swapped and if no crossover is performed the genes are left intact. Technorati. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. Which identities benefit the most ? The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. The first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine news site 1 . In the next sections  , we describe our investigation of the means to automatically identify sentences on Stack Overflow that are meaningful and add useful information not contained in the API documentation. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. It is worth noting that the quality of and issues with cross references between multiple biological data sources is not well documented and often requires extensive experimentation in collecting and integrating data from these sources. These are the two Wikia encyclopedias with the largest number of articles evaluated by users regarding their quality. We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. However  , the database dumps provided by Stack Overflow do not directly contain information about deleted questions. Table 8provides details on the number of presumed splog posts which infiltrated each element of the relevance scale. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. In TPC-W  , GlobeTP processes 20% more queries within 10 ms than full replication. citlicr constructed from 2D views > or h u e d on a gcncric 3D facc inodcl I. First  , for a meaningful search result  , we need to consider data obtained by integrating multiple data sources  , which may be provided by autonomous vendors in heterogeneous formats e.g. The largest data sets is composed of a portion of pages referenced from ODP directory at http://dmoz.org. webkb 4 The task is to classify university webpages as student  , course  , faculty  , or project 4 ,199 instances. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. From Figure 3   , it is easy to see that LabelMe and TinyImage have different characteristics. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. We make the following research contributions  We analyze deleted questions on Stack Overflow posted over ≈5 years and conduct a characterization study. For each test trial  , the system attempts to make a yes/no decision. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. The principles espoused by the OntologyX 5 ontology are inspiring. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. Finally  , the proposed ontology was engineered to handle an extremely large semantic network instantiation on the order of 50 million articles with a corresponding 1 billion usage events. For example  , using a crawler and Sindice  , LOD resources can be categorized offline by the proposed fuzzy retrieval model 8  , or other clustering methods also UMBEL linked data mappings can be used. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. For each query in the query set  , all the points in the training set are ranked according to the Hamming distance between their binary codes and the query's. Each page was described by 8 ,000 dimensional feature vector. The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. Prolific Developers. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. The first evaluation is based on the LETOR datasets 17  , which include manual relevance assessments. We have observed that the Reddit culture is very informal  , frank and open. Therefore  , we apply our selection procedure only for these two sub- collections. In the hundred relation most of the attributes have exactly 100 unique AS3AP benchmark: the storage organization of the relation and the selectivity factor of the query. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. This model can be juxtaposed to the citation-driven monoculture that presently prevails in the assessment of scholarly status. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. This is because the LETOR data set offers results of Linear Ranking SVM. First 100 elements obtained from three different ranking methods  , tf -idf   , BM 25  , and Rejection are pair-wise compared in Figure 5. When no expansion type is indicated  , the concept based expansion is applied by default. Issuing the generated queries based on the top 30 keywords per site resulted in a ranked list of the 5 candidate categories for each given example website. Generating all recommendations for one user took 7 milliseconds on the same hardware as the previous experiment. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: The main steps shown in Figure 1are the following: i dataset metadata extraction from DataHub; ii resource type and instance extraction; iii entity and topic extraction; iv topic filtering and ranking; and v dataset profile representation. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. Session-based grouping: Usage data is typically recorded and hence provided to MESUR as a time-sequential list of individual events recorded by an information system; different events generated by the same agent in the course of a certain time span are not grouped. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. Stack Overflow provides a periodic database dump of all user-generated content under the Creative Commons Attribute- ShareAlike 8 . climatechange   , global warming Pearce et al. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. , those who the user follows. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. As a result  , one can assume that substantial usage data sets must be aggregated from a variety of sources in order to derive conclusions that have global reach 3 . We evaluate our algorithm on the purchase history from an e-commerce website shop.com. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . Figure 3depicts the distribution of number of friends per user. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. In order to publish the OpenStreetMap data  , we performed some preprocessing of the data structures. Therefore   , it is fair to compare them on these four collections. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. The snapshot of the Orkut network was published by Mislove et al. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. To evaluate the quality of our methods for temponym resolution   , we performed experiments with three datasets with different characteristics: WikiWars  , Biographies  , and News. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. , Walmart. Firstly  , we compare the performance of our method with several state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised methodes for summarization. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. We then compare its performance to " DTW "   , which represents the denormalized TPC-W where no particular measure has been taken to scale up individual services. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. The associated subset is typically called WebKB4. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. Our claim that retrieval schedules are kept intact under this rule is a direct consequence of Equation 4.   , d -1 all the children of the old node n whose parent edge weight was congruent to i mod d. A 10% sample was taken which maintained the same distribution of intrusions and normal connections as the original data this sample is available as kddcup .data. Both problems above could be solved by our proposed thematic lexicon. Figure 6 : Age of curated Pinterest identities: identities curated using Pinterest reputation signals vs additionally curated identities using all signals. We imported the Shapefiles into a PostGIS database and created virtual geospatial RDF views on top of them using Ontop-spatial  , as described at https://github. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. We assume here that a finite number of different sized lots may arrive  , each with a certain probabi1it.l. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. In both datasets TSA significantly outperformed the baselines. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. From the NCBI site  , 4032 RefSeq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain gene sequences were downloaded. With f-scores of 87.9% and 91.3% for English and German extraction lenient and 78.7% and 79.4% for English and German normalization lenient+value  , Heidel- Time achieves high quality results. To complete this annotating procedure  , we have to deal with the first stage automatically since the coverage of GeneRIF records in LocusLink depends on human experts and it cannot come up with the speedy growth of the literatures. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Because of this convenience and extensibility  , we have also recently launched Coagmento 2.0 on GitHub as an open source tool 4 . This ensures that users can access the resource itself. For example  , for the query " new york times subscription "   , york times greatly deviate from the intended meaning of the query. Instead  , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , also referred to as dmoz.org. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. Answers on Stack Overflow often become a substitute for official product documentation when the official documentation is sparse or not yet existent 5 . The WikiWars corpus 28 has been popular in benchmarks for temporal tagging i.e. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0. For our analysis  , we extracted questions asked and answers posted between July 2008 and September 2013. Even for this hard task  , our approach got the highest accuracy with a big gap. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. This ontology forms the basis for the representation of the reference data set in the MESUR infrastructure. These changes lead to the change of the detected SP position and orientation. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. The temporal searches were conducted by human judgment. Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. Transanal ulhasound has gained wide acceptance as a reliable and accurate tool in the management of anal diseases. Generic reference summaries were provided by NIST annotators for evaluation. All figures are generated by our modified version of Java OpenStreetMap Editor 2 which is a map editor for OpenStreetMap 3 written in Java. For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. These services host large numbers of collections  , focused on subjects as diverse as geographical information  , sports  , technology   , science  , TV shows  , fiction  , events  , and books  , to cite only a few. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. </narrative> </topic> Table 4 : Performance improvement resulting from incrementally adding our linguistic change features to the 'activity' model for RateBeer  , our 'test community'. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. The 80:20 rule 7  is commonly used to divide between long-tail products and popular ones. The process used by Github to select projects is not public  , but we believe it is orthogonal to our concerns  , and likely based on popularity and recency. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. We chose this collection because it is freely available for download 10 and is the largest forum hosted by Stack Exchange. They find that programming languages are a mixture of concepts and questions on Stack Overflow are concerned with the code example rather than the application domain. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. the usage of SCOVO  , let us assume we want to model airline on-time arrivals and departures. The MESUR reference data now consists of 1 billion individual usage events that were recorded at the documentlevel and processed as described above. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. The MESUR ontology provides three subclasses of owl:Thing. we did not filter based on the concept scores. Allamanis and Sutton perform a topic modeling analysis on Stack Overflow questions to combine topics  , types and code 5. All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. The corpus has 4498 spreadsheets collected from various sources. Section 6 presents an overview of GlobeDB implementation and its internal performance. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. We also used a second corpus  , tdt2  , which includes the English news stories from the TDT-2 collection   , amounting to approximately 40 ,000 news stories from newswire and broadcast news sources. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. Status We measure status in three ways. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. From the Wikia service  , we selected the encyclopedias Wookieepedia  , about the Star Wars universe  , and Muppet  , about the TV series " The Muppet Show " . A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. Three were right-handed and two were left-handed. As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet. The MESUR ontology was engineered to make a distinction between required base-relationships and those  , that if needed  , can be inferred from the baserelations . Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. We used the combined information in LocusLink and MEDLINE to identify the descriptors used to characterize the organisms for MEDLINE documents. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. As regards the 25 events that were prominently covered by both media  , 60% were primarily triggered by government/inter-governmental agencies e.g. " We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. I should because we're always stumped in the New York Times crosswords by the pop music characters. Moreover  , the code segments of the OS and DBMS are automatically guarded  , so they are intact. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. We present in the table only the best values for each of them Jelinek LM for the description field and TF-IDF for the title  and an additional method BM25 desc which will serve us as reference later. Stack Overflow provides a procedure to undelete a deleted question. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. With the choice of the TDT-2 corpus and its known topics  , we added a third question for our evaluation: "Does this cluster of phrases correspond to any of the TDT-2 topics ?" The values of p s were fit with a general exponential form , We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . The most distinguishing feature of SCOVO is the ability to express complex statistics over time while still keeping the structural complexity very low. Datasets: CIFAR-10 3 and Tiny 100K image 8 datasets both encoded with GIST features. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. 4 proposed a method to represent multi-word UMLS concepts using sequential dependencies between their words. We discuss hierarchical agglomerative clustering HAC results in section 4.6. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. For example  , impressions of general coding ability could be gleamed from the contents of a GitHub user's profile. We use the GO::Term Finder software 3 4 to find significant gene clusters on the gene sets of two biclusters. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. A study conducted last year based on data from the U. S. Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that there are currently as many as 11 million end-user programmers in the United States  , compared to only * This work is partially supported by the National Science Foundation under the grant ITR-0325273 and by the EUSES Consortium http://EUSESconsortium.org. , OpenStreetMap or Open Government Data data  , a restaurant guide  , etc. The differences we have detected could be irrelevant or misleading if both our baseline and contrastive systems were below state-of-the-art results. The proposed methods LIB  , LIB+LIF  , and LIB*LIF all outperformed TF*IDF in terms of purity  , rand index  , and precision. Although the absolute performance of the best learned function seems low 0.63 accuracy  , we will see in the following sections that  , once the classification confidence is used as similarity measure  , it leads to the best topic detection performance reported on the RepLab dataset so far. The participants where selected from the community of Semantic Web SW developers on Github who have had at least one active SW-related repository. Spotlight and WAT are integrated in GERBIL by default  , whereas we manually downloaded Wikifier and AIDA and installed them on our server with its best settings. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. By comparing against this gold standard  , we evaluate the lexicons constructed using different methods. The remainder of this paper is structured as follows. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. Finally we did filtering of offensive content. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. In summary  , most signals in our study are able to improve the classification process with statistical significance over the use of term-based features only  , and their combination gives the best performance. Section 7 presents the relative performance of GlobeDB and different edge service architectures for the TPC-W benchmark. This reference data set forms the basis for a program aimed at the identification  , validation and characterization of a range of usage-based metrics. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. The pages were spidered from four computer science departments and were released as part of the WebKB data 1 . However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. Fig. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. On the other three collections  , the performance of all the three PRoc models is very close. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. It is helpful to the work of conducting the GeneRIF in LocusLink database. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. The TDT 3 dataset roughly 35 ,000 documents was used as a preparation for participation in the trial HTD task of TDT 2004. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. For the arithmetic component  , other codes include overflow and zero divide. For comparison  , we applied our method for both classification and naming to full-texts for the categories of courses and faculty from the WebKB dataset. We also examined the top ranked features by expected entropy loss from the full-text of the WebKB dataset categories of courses and faculty. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. For the user study  , we have randomly chosen 10 query entities from PubChem  , each of them representing one feedback cycle inside the system. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. We note that the MoviePilot data does not contain the group information for all the users in the training data. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Therefore   , Stack Overflow has attracted increasing attention from different research communities like software engineering  , human computer interaction  , social computing and data min- ing 6  , 9  , 10  , 21  , 22. and was called MEDLEE. It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. The stream generation process is as follows: A stream would pick elements of the Z vector sequentially and could perform the following three operations: a Simulate missing update: Ignore the picked element and move to the next element with Bernouilli probability = pmiss k   , b Simulate independent error: Add Gaussian noise with precision β k > 1  , c Simulate Lag: Publish the noisy update after lag governed by Uniform distribution in the range 1 − 10. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. performance " adopted by KDDCUP 2005 is in fact F1. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Hotel service characteristics: We extracted the service characteristics from the reviews from TripAdvisor. For practical purposes  , this computational complexity creates a barrier to analyze large networks by the group of slow algorithms. GDELT contains a set of entities for each article ; however  , we ignored these annotations and solely relied on our own methods to extract and disambiguate entities. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. Future analysis will focus on determining which request types most validly represent user interest. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. provide the source code 25 as well as a webservice. For our experimental evaluation  , we instantiated our model framework using as target application the area of hotel search. ing monthly harvest of fruits. User lifespan. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. We have evaluated the proposed method on the BLOG06 collection. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. Here we only conjecture that this may be related to the consideration of both presence and absence of terms in the context of personalized spam classification. Actually  , when we use the truncated query model instead of the intact one refined from relevance feedback  , the MAP is only 0.304. Candidate Term Selection. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. In our comparative experiments  , we choose the best-first algorithm and the accelerated focused crawler 1 as two other alternatives. We randomly split SRAA and WebKB datasets such that 80% is used as training data and remaining 20% is used as test data. The value of entities that were updated only by dependent transactions is left intact . Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. This gap indicates the increased inference variance inherent in approximate inference approaches. Similarly  , all the items in the partition labeled " Headline News " are the headline news items in the New York Times front page center portion of Figure 1. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. This figure shows the feasibility of maintaining the knowledge bases and ontology using natural language processing technology. Its score depends on the number of shops  , bars  , restaurants  , and parks on the street extracted from OpenStreetMap and on the street's type. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? , Feng et al. Nick Craswell developed software for extracting hyper-link connectivity information from WT2g. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. This assumption seems to be confirmed by the pattern that emerges as the MESUR reference data set grows and becomes more diverse over time. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. We mention the parallel work of 9  , which also studies BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data: there  , a user's failure to adopt the linguistic norms of a community is considered as a factor that may influence whether they will abandon that community. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . Figure 1provides a general overview of the the various stages of the MESUR project. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. BDBComp has several authors with only one citation. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. Additionally  , from the application of SCOVO in voiD we have learned that there is a demand for aggregates. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Another potential area of study could be having the same program for an intact class in main stream schools with normally developing students in which some autistic children also participate. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Part of it reflects the ease with which computers can drown inexperienced users in material: for example  , of undergraduate searches on the University of California online catalog  , MELVYL  , those that retrieve any titles at all retrieve an average of 400. Projections. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. In these examples  , although there are variations in the query words and documents  , the sub-sequence " bank of america " remains intact in all clicked documents. In addition  , from Table 4 we observe that PRoc3 outperforms the other two on the WT2G collection. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. , Walmart due to their low cost. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. 2013 that focus on quantifying and analyzing Pinterest user behavior. In contrast  , the RDN models are not able to exploit the attribute information as fully. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. The primary objective of the MESUR project is to study the relationship between usage-based value metrics e.g. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. Figure 5 shows the baseline result without using time information horizontal line  , and results for halftimes exponential decay and window sizes linear decay ranging from one hour to 4320 hours 180 days when training on TDT- 2 data and testing on TDT-2002 dry run data. 1: 1. There are 8 tables and 14 web interactions. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. For instance  , if one article mentions " Bill Clinton " and another refers to " President William The number of topics Kt is set to be 400 as recommended in 15. We evaluate HeidelTime on WikiWars and WikiWarsDE using the well-known measures of precision  , recall  , and fscore . 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . The results show our advanced Skipgram model is promising and superior. . In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. We used a version of the LocusLink database containing 128 ,580 entries. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. This paper proposed automatic approaches to extract gene function in the literature. 7 . Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. We provide more evidence of this below. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. Each of the remaining queries was then searched against the CIC metadata aggregation SQL database to determine whether the query resulted in any matches of the types described in Tables 1 and 2 above. Whether crossover is performed or not depending on crossover rate recombination rate. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. The messaging layer provides transactional send/receive for multiple messages. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. In every dataset  , the RDN weights relational features more highly than intrinsic features. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. This method needs the motion vector of the lost block be intact. Using normalized hyper-parameters described in Section 2.6  , the best hyper-parameters are selected by using the validation set of CIFAR-10. The by-author ranking is calculated as the mean number of citations or hits to an author e.g. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. 9. This diagram primarily serves as a reference. Rare exceptions like the new Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. We are aware of the implicit bias of this selection but for simplicity it shall be sufficient. This test collection consists of sampled search results from 149 web search engines crawled between April and May 2014. For instance  , assume that a user is reading an article " After Delays  , Wireless Web Comes to Parks " of The New York Times. Unfortunately  , Reddit only publishes current karma scores for all users. We observe an increasing trend in the number of deleted questions on Stack Overflow over the last 2 years. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. As our method also captures co-occurrences of words in a single article as we construct time-series aggregated over all articles on a certain date  , phrases can also be identified well. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. Traditional benchmark databases  , such as Wieconein and AS3AP  , are primarily geared toward8 performance assessment of the algorithm8 in relation to the architecture . Given both usage and bibliographic data  , it will be possible to generate and validate metrics for understanding the 'value' of all types of scholarly artifacts. To detect the first story  , current TDT systems compare a new document with the past documents and make a decision regarding the novelty of the story based on the content-based similarity values. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub  , As small data sets  , we used A the full Rest subset 22 ,328 ,242 triples  , B an extract of the Datahub subset 20 ,505 ,209 triples and C an extract of the Timbl subset 9 ,897 ,795 triples 7 . From the table below we conclude further that SCOVO seems to be the best combination of flexibility and usability  , allowing to recreate the data-table structures with a reasonable degree of fidelity in another environment that is  , on the Web. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. On the WebKB dataset  , we obtained a precision of 0.8137  , recall of 0.3081 and an accuracy value of 0.5413. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. Therefore  , there exists a strong need for mechanisms for archiving  , preserving  , indexing  , and disseminating the wealth of scientific knowledge produced by the Brazilian CS community. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. It is based on a large and active community contributing both data and tools that facilitate the constant enrichment and enhancement of OSM maps. 1 vertically partitions a database among two providers according to privacy constraints. However  , the denormalized TPC-W fails to meet its SLA for two out of the 14 interaction types. Github is currently the most popular repository for open source code and its transparent environment implies a suitable basis for evaluating reuse and collaboration among developers 21. We describe details below. Figure 1: Number of events detected in the GitHub stream. The think times of emulated browsers are modeled by using two different MAPs 2  , each with a different burstiness profile. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. This may seem contradictory with results from the previous section. We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. The CIFAR-10 dataset 11 consists of 60 ,000 color images drawn from the 80M tiny image collection 29. To analyze the different kinds of questions asked on Stack Overflow  , we did qualitative coding of questions and tags. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. rdfs:subClassOf  , owl:SubObjectPropertyOf. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. This fact indicates that the text categorization of WWW documents can be more difficult than the categorization of normal documents. The four main categories are used for clustering  , while examples in the remaining categories are used as Urest. We conclude this performance evaluation by comparing the throughput scalability of the OTW  , DTW and STW implementations of TPC-W. Over the last couple of years GitHub 4   , which is the most popular repository hosting service for Git projects  , has taken the open source community by storm 19. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. 2 Stack Overflow has detailed  , explicit guidelines on posting questions and it maintains a firm emphasis on following a question-answer format. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . Upweighting of positive examples: no w = 1. The undecidability remains intact in the absence of attributes with a finite domain. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Finally  , we look at Peetz et al's classification of the Blog06- 08 topics 850-1050. 1 In both communities users provide ratings accompanied by short textual reviews of more than 60 ,000 different types of beer. In general  , any spotter will have an analog to a leaf : an artifact that  expresses a suitable match between a potential mention and a canonical phrase in the catalog  , and  lets us access a set of candidate entities E that may be mentioned by the canonical phrase corresponding to . 7 GDELT covers a " cross-section of all major international  , national  , regional  , local  , and hyper-local news sources  , both print and broadcast  , from nearly every corner of the globe " 8 including major international news sources. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. There are 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance labels. Merging such a pull request will result in conflicts. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. Because only the most popular tags are listed for the books in DouBan  , we obtained merely 135 distinct tags. This is because for most classes T in the API framework  , GitHub contains many more usage samples than can be extracted from web pages. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . To our knowledge this is the first study to conduct a large scale analysis of Pinterest. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. While a trim ontology has been presented  , the effects of this ontology on load and query times is still inconclusive. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. In this paper  , 3 http://dmoz.org/ SocialPageRank is proposed to explore static ranking from social annotations and capture the preference of web annotators. Political news flowing out of Arab Spring uprisings to broadcast media was often curated by sites such as Nawaat.org that had emerged as trusted local information brokers. 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. To measure the relevance between UMLS concepts  , we used personalized PageRank PPR on an ontology graph constructed with a subset of the UMLS concepts. The evaluation metric is Mean Average Precision MAP. To our knowledge  , this is the first application of Percolation Theory in the quantification of propagation in Information Retrieval. The classic Rocchio's model  , fails to obtain improvement on the WT2G collection. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. In addition  , there are many ontologies i.e. They concluded that linkage in WT2g was inadequate for web experiments. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. Our main goal for this project was to create and integrate different biomedical resources using OAI-PMH. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. 52 % of these links reference another document within WT2g but only 0.12 % reference a different server within WT2g. The doc id is a internally generated identifier created during the MESUR project's ingestion process. New LOD resources are incrementally categorized and indexed at the server-side for a scalable performance 9. In the UMLS lexicon  , entries are indexed by technical terms or phrases  , and each entry is a list of synonyms associated with the corresponding technical term/phrase. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. The resulting collection of 561 ,644 URLs contains an average of about 30 ,000 URLs per month  , with over 80% of the tags being tagged with the theme ENV CLIMATECHANGE. The statistics show that Stack Overflow is a very popular programming CQA with 5.1M questions   , 9.4M answers and 2.05M registered users. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. To the best of our knowledge  , this is the first work which studies poor quality questions on a large-scale CQA website like Stack Overflow. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. For this dataset  , we also gathered information about each unique GitHub user associated with the set of pull requests. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo 4—shows the list of high-performing airports along with the time period  , starting with the best airport in terms of " on-timeness " . We would like to thank Andrew Ko and Justin Weisz for their valuable help with this paper. It is possible to express SCOVO in OWL-DL  , if advanced reasoning is of necessity. This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. The earlier can be used to capture more information pertaining to the creation of a particular statistical item; – Defining sub-properties of using SCOVO-min and max. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. dimacsAp5w5: Representation: Paragraphs  , selected using Locuslink information. To investigate the problem  , we closely looked at the blog06 corpus and found that many permalink URLs were not properly extracted from the corresponding feed files. This open-source alternative mapping service also publishes regular database dumps. The first part is conducted on an Orkut community data set to evaluate the recommendation quality of LDA and ARM using top-k recommendations metric. We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. Generating maps of science: MESUR produces maps of science on the basis of its reference data set. Nevertheless  , all systems benefit similarly from the normalization and it does not produce any change in the official ranking is the performance of our systems on a case-per-case basis. The usage impact is an estimate of the number of downloads of that article so far available for one arXiv.org mirror only. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. These experiments satisfy the two desiderata of collusion detection we discussed in Section 5. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de As part of the development of Citebase we have looked at the relationship between citation impact  " how many times has this article been cited "  and web impact  " how many times has this article been read " . We previously considered BeerAdvocate and RateBeer data in 28   , though not in the context of recommendation. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. In the experiment in disambiguating the 197 occurrences of 'bank' within LDOCE  , Wilks found a number of cases where none of the senses was clearly 'the right one' Wilks 891. Finally  , we then find the optimal value for the flexibility of margin C ∈ {0.01  , 0.1  , 1.0  , 10  , 100}. Figure 1illustrates the distribution of feed sizes in the corpus. Within a subreddit  , articles are ranked in decreasing order of their " hot score "   , which is defined by 5 : Being a web-based platform it can be also used to publish the disambiguation results. The Orkut graph is undirected since friendship is treated as a symmetric relationship. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. A similar setup to emulate a WAN was used in 15. Each thread in our corpus contains at least two posts and on average each thread consists of 4.46 posts. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. Section 3 discusses initial findings in the realm of sample bias  , and Section 4 shows the first ever map of science created on the basis of a substantial scholarly usage data set. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. A good basis for such a corpus is a news archive. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. This paper has described preliminary results derived from an analysis of a subset of the MESUR reference data set that consists of over 200 million article-level usage events. Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. These values are rather low. The effectiveness of pseudo relevance feedback is reconfirmed in this set of experiments. Figure 1 shows the output of our prototype NAR system called Volant for the query " guitar " over a community bulletin-board Web site called Craigslist Pittsburgh 2 . SEARCHING FOR PERFORMANCE PROBLEMS IN THE TPC-W BENCHMARK We use the TPC-W Benchmark 24 for evaluation of our approach. However   , there are still two artificial segment boundaries created at each end of a longest match which means  , e.g. Consider the scenario of a historian interested in the history of law enforcement in New York City. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. It extends SCOVO 10 with the ability to explicitly describe the structure of the data and distinguishes between dimensions  , attributes and measures. F2000 must be physically intact bit stream preservation 2. Part of this reflects the difficulty of searching in general  , particularly   , as mentioned above  , using Chemical A bstnrcts without adequate experience or training. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. 24 Furthermore  , the retrieval of relevant websites is based on Automatic Query Generation 12   , i.e. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? Further  , we can also notice that the lazy classifiers always outperform the corresponding eager ones  , except for the ionosphere dataset. NDCG leaves the three-point scale intact. backoff version tends to do term weighting and document length normalization more aggressively than the corresponding interpolated version. In the uniform crossover method the recornbination is applied to the individual genes in the chromosome. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. A multilingual resource  , such as the one described above  , can be developed in two ways: 1 aquiring a large multilingual database  , such as the MELVYL database  , or 2 incrementally extracting information in the desired languages from multiple online catalog databases. The striking differences in the nature of what is most popular on each blogging server gives a sense of the community of the users on each. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. Furthermore  , the combination of GRH+NPQ outperforms the adaptive thresholds allocation model VBQ of 3 by a relative margin of 27%. The standard Dublin Core format is not suitable for RefSeq sequence data. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . The question dataset stack overflow  , question  consists of 6 ,397 ,301 questions from 1 ,191 ,748 distinct users  , while the answer dataset stack overflow  , answer consists of 11 ,463 ,991 answers from 790 ,713 distinct users. Both the similar reviews are negative and contain negative words like " horrible "   , " bad "   , " nauseous " which are synonyms to " awful " in the seed. The error bars are standard errors of the means. The relevance judgements were obtained from the LocusLink database 11. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. TPC-W defines three standard workload mixes that exercise different parts of the system: 'browsing' generates 5% update interactions; 'shopping' generates 20% update interactions; and 'ordering' generates 50% update interactions. EM takes more than 1 ,000 times as long to execute. This result is higher than the overall we calculated for Github; we attribute this to the fact that the dataset generation process employs heuristics to detect merges in addition to those happening with Github facilities. Our dataset consists of a sample of Stack Overflow  , a Q&A Forum for programmers. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. The emergent media ecology is a mix of old and new media which is not strictly segregated by platform or even by device. For the New York Times annotated corpus  , we selected 24 queries from a Table 2. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. Indri query language is utilized to integrate the synonyms of all identified chemicals into the automatically constructed queries with its powerful capabilities using the {} operator to handle synonyms of identified chemical entities. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. While Celestial is a distinct  , freely-downloadable software package  , at Southampton University 3 a mirror of Celestial hosts a copy of the metadata from 161 different OAI archives OAI-registered archives including the OAI-registered eprints.org archives  , plus any unregistered eprints.org installations found  , and active archives registered with the Repository Explorer 9. nDCG@20  nDCG@10  nP@1  nP@5  uiucGSLISf2 0Figure 1: Per-topic nDCG@20 and nDCG@10 for both FedWeb RS runs. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. They compared the IP addresses of sites linked to the New York Times and the San Francisco Chronicle and found that the sites were more widely distributed for the New York Times. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. The results strongly point towards the imminent feasibility of usage-based metrics of impact. Selecting word pairs to evaluate: To create a balanced dataset of both related words and unrelated words  , we applied the following procedure: Let W be a set of all words in the New York Times news articles. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. groups separately in order to see the different patterns of structural patterns between these two. market  , we used data provided by TripAdvisor: The consumers that write reviews about hotels on TripAdvisor also identify their travel purpose business  , romance  , family  , friend  , other  and age group 1317  , 18-24  , 25-34  , 35-49  , 50-64  , 65+. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. Using the procedure outlined above  , we find  , on average  , 9.4 UMLS Metathesaurus terms per topic  , and 9.2 LT chunks per topic. The method used to estimate se- lectivity based on uniform distributions has an obvious extension when applied to IN predicates as discussed in Section 3. The last data set DS 5 consists of health care web sites taken from WebKB 3 . We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. We tested and evaluated Triplify by integrating it into a number of popular Web applications. Thus both clusters are left intact. This does not contradict the fact that the latter yields higher retrieval performance. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. We made best effort in choosing representative and real-life experimental subjects. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. There is a certain built-in trust that I have that they're probably accurate and well thought out. " In the formulation of the participation maximization problem Section 4  , the social influence network is treated as an input of the problem. Our preliminary findings indicate that Stack Overflow is particularly effective at code reviews  , for conceptual questions and for novices. Temporal error concealment techniques use the relation between current and previous frame to recovery the lost block I. Both other approaches are not capable of representing historical data and only provide statistics for one point-in-time. Finally  , " STW " scalable TPC-W represents the denormalized TPC-W with scalability techniques enabled . Prime examples are the substance database PubChem 1 combining several chemical entity data sources and the document search engine ChemXSeer 2 . Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . The average classification accuracies for the WebKB data set are shown in Table 3. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. To repair a ous computation smell existing work on appropriate formula pattern in an array that suffers We evaluated our lyzed the EUSES corpus putation smells can formance of our smells. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. WebKB: The WebKB dataset 5 contains contains 8145 web pages gathered from university computer science departments . We use both corpora as they are and set the evaluation conditions as close as possible to those used in the TDT1 and TDT3 benchmark evaluations to make our results comparable to the published results on these evaluations. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. Garcia et al. The system grouped the first synonym into 2 overlapping double word terms. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. Note that individual query strings can generate multiple matches in the database which in turn match multiple of the cases defined in Tables 1 and 2. UMLS ® terms are recognized and expanded with their synonyms. Thus  , many authors do not have any citation example in the training set. By applying our ESE algorithm on the Jester data  , we get many sample joke subsets that are small and cover most markers reviewers.  In the reddit dataset  , the responder in each IAmA is a single notable personality with average reply rate of around 10.16%. The data driver of each edge server maintains three tables. The principle of the corresponding program is to sort out the test document in accordance with the document number. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. For a video segment  , its key concept based representation is the concatenation of key concepts detected in all the keyframes of this segment. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. , disk. In this paper  , we used the New York Times annotated corpus as the temporal corpus. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. Instead  , there exists a publishing context that serves as an N-ary operator uniting a journal  , the article  , its publication date  , its authors  , and auxiliary information such as the source of the bibliographic data. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. This can be explained by the fact that in TPC-W the costs of different query templates are relatively similar. platform Activity. A similar rationale extends to the other intrusions with low detection rates. Community based features are derived via the crowdsourced information generated by the Stack Overflow community. In addition  , if the browser history is left intact for subsequent sessions  , the link colors will indicate which URLs in the result list were already visited. In previous work 13  , we were able to recruit such participants from GitHub 3 . For Reuter-21578  , we used a subset consisting of 10 ,346 documents and 92 categories. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. The framework presented in this paper is targeted at large and active online communities  , where individuals interact through written text visible to all members of the community . Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. This can motivate research on conducting online experiments and investigating whether users are likely to adopt the group member recommendations  , and under what circumstances. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. 2014;Stepchenkova 2014—see our data release for full list— which we then expand in a snowball fashion as we did for themes/taxonomies in GDELT. However  , the approach leaves associations between deterministically encrypted attributes intact. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. Table 6shows the obtained results when using the tags  , co-commenting and social signals   , compared to using only the tags and co-commenting signals. HeidelTime normalized 5 533 TempEx's from WikiBios dataset  , and 2 047 from WikiWars dataset to date values. The context construct is intuitive and allows for future extensions to the ontology. The TDT-2 corpus has 192 topics with known relevance judgments. , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. One should note that GlobeTP has greater effect on the latency in the case of RUBBoS than for TPC-W. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. However  , the latency and the throughput of a given system are not necessarily correlated. The y-axis of the Pinterest scatter plot captures the cosine similarity between each user's Pinterest LIWC-vector and the network LIWC-vector for Pinterest. The purpose of the MESUR project is to study usage behavior in the scholarly process and therefore  , usage modeling is a necessary component of the MESUR ontology. For WebKB  , we used a subset containing 4 ,199 documents and four categories. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . , 2010. The optimal configuration 1 was used for participation in the HTD task and outperformed all other participants see table 1. Notice that we merge two trees T i   , T ′ i only if a third tree has been propagated from level i − 1. The results are highly consistent across BeerAdvocate and RateBeer  , in spite of the differing product categorizations used by the two sites Kvass is a form of low-alcohol beer  , Kristallweizen is a form of wheat beer  , IPA is a form of strong ale  , and Gueuze is a type of lambic. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Stack Overflow is a free  , open no registration required website to all users on the Internet and hence  , it is a necessity to maintain quality of content on the website 4. Two small volcanic mounds occupy the deepest area and must have erupted after the formation of the trough. The 17 ,958 splog feeds in the Blog06 collection generated 509 ,137 posts. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. Currently  , this is artificially forced upon systems during evaluation. Of the 6398 New York Times bit.ly URLs we observed  , 6370 could be successfully unshortened and assigned to one of 21 categories. WebKB 3 extracts instances of classes and relations based on web page contents and their linkage path. Ideally  , each segment should map to exactly one " concept " . The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. Further research could broaden the scope of the current study to an intact class of a bigger number of autistic children at an autism school. Duplicate sentences selected by more than one approach were only shown to participants once. To compare the performance with previously published results  , we test our segmenter under the conditions of the TDT-3 1 segmentation task. LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. In Table 13  , we show the MAP scores of our best runs on opinion finding and polarity tasks based on different datasets for comparison Blog06  , 07  , and 08. 1 We obtained 1 ,212 ,153 threads from TripAdvisor forum 6 ; 2 We obtained 86 ,772 threads from LonelyPlanet forum 7 ; 3 We obtained 25 ,298 threads from BootsnAll Network 8 . indispensable for obtaining torque information  , although we can oblain !he same information by using only one TDT sensor with a single body. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. The project has been collecting data since February 2012. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? In this way we still manage to keep the sibling information intact without having to store whole levels of the tree during the traversal. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. In WeChat  , all the groups are by default only visible to group members and grow in a invitation-only fashion . The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. We extract a set of tourist attractions in the metadata of OpenStreetMap. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. In our experiments the database is initially filled with 288  , 000 customer records. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. Step i uses the CKAN API to extract dataset metadata for datasets part of the LOD-Cloud group in DataHub. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. However  , in such a process  , many misleading words may also be extracted. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. BDBComp has been designed to be OAI compliant and adopts Dublin Core DC as its metadata standard. Other tables are scaled according to the TPC-W requirements. CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. For a query q we choose from all possible valid segmentations the segmentation S that maximizes scoreS. This set was actually derived from a larger set of 954 ,531 terms  , some of which cannot appear in user queries because they have been stoplisted but were partially indexed in the database prior to stoplisting  , or because they contain chnrncters t ,hat ca.nnot he entered by the user in The first parametric approach to selectivity estimn.tion was formalized in Selinger et al. Further  , our ongoing work focuses on broadening the deployment base available 17   , making converters from and to SCOVO available  , and extending the framework itself. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. oai_dc: contains only the accession id in the title field to satisfy the mandatory requirement of OAI 1. We conduced 5-fold cross validation experiments  , using the partitions in LETOR. It is probably more practical to do failure analysis and study where the challenges of the task lie and what 7 Note that R  , S and F1R  , S for the two RepLab systems reported are different than the official scores 2  , because we are excluding unrelated tweets from our evaluation  , and we are excluding also near-duplicates as described in 3.1. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. Figure 5and Figure 6show the results on the Letor TD2003 and TD2004 datasets. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. However  , their scalability and retrieval efficiency are generally not on a par with the most competitive relational database products . Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. We examine the relation between the length of a sequence and the duration measured by the number of events that the sequence spends at each stage. Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. In addition to the self-archiving service  , we envisage two other ways to collect metadata for the repository: 1 by extracting them from existing Web sites  , for instance  , by using tools such as the Web- DL environment 1 The fact that CORE caches the actual full-text content in order to process the documents and to discover additional metadata distinguishes this approach from a number of other Open Access federated search systems  , such as BASE or OAISTER  , that rely only on the metadata accessible through OAI-PMH. Also  , 2072 Refseq records linked from our MEDLINE subset and that contain protein sequences were downloaded. For statistical significance  , we calculated Wilson confidence intervals 7. Our empirical study reports that there are altogether 16 ,385 cell arrays among 993 out of 4 ,037 spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus 11. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. The task is to classify the webpages as student  , course  , faculty or project. This section of the schema is not mandatory. Orkut. For privacy reasons  , we only consider pages clicked on by at least 50 distinct users  , and only consider users with at least 100 clicks. Spreadsheets collected in our case study are those used in practice and maintained by professional finance officers. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. Our view is that one of the issues hampering efficient ontology search is that the results generated by SWSEs  , such as Watson http://watson.kmi.open.ac.uk  , Swoogle http://swoogle.umbc.edu or Sindice http://sindice.com  , are not structured appropriately. However  , having people manually segment the documents is only feasible on small datasets; on a large corpus it will be too costly. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. We chose 6 features that allowed us to extract complete information for 666 applicants. Therefore  , video hyperlinking enables users to navigate between video segments in a large video collection 3. First a connectivity server was made available on the Web. We use our work on constructing the concept ontology for LabelMe 1 as an example to depict our algorithm: 1 Labels in LabelMe contain text information of dominant salient objects as well as their contours and locations  , but there are no explicit labels at the image concept levels 8. TDT tasks are evaluated as detection tasks. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. WebKB The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. This fan-in  " citations-from "  and fan-out  " citations-to "  then provides the user with links to all articles in the database that have cited a given article  , as well as to all articles that have been co-cited alongside hence are related to the given article. Since MESUR follows an approach of usage data analysis inspired by clickstream concepts 12  , 11 grouping events is an essential processing sub-task that needs to be performed before ingesting the usage data into the reference data set. The WebKB dataset consists of 8275 web-pages crawled from university web sites. Given the large number of pages involved  , we used automatic classification. Github can automatically verify whether a pull request can be merged without conflicts to the base repository. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. While manually detecting irregularities for this data might be difficult  , examining the distribution of the pt values cf. The Disk1&2  , Disk4&5 collection contains newswire articles from various sources  , such as Association Press AP  , Wall Street Journal WSJ  , Financial Times FT  , etc. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Craigslist. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. First  , our prior analysis 35  showed that they are representative of measured social graphs  , i.e. To assess the quality of our ESA index   , we apply it to compute word relatedness on the widelyaccepted WS-353 benchmark dataset 12  , which contains 353 word pairs  , and our experiments show a Spearman's rank correlation of 0.735  , which is consistent to the previously reported numbers 16  , 17. In analyzing the runtime speedup for parallel LDA  , we trained LDA with 150 topics and 500 iterations. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . Using SCOVO in voiD allows a simple and extendable description of statistical information  , however  , a shortcoming has been identified: as scovo:Items are grouped into scovo:Datasets  , there is an implicit assumption that all items in such a dataset share the same dimensions. On the BDBComp collection  , SAND outperformed two unsupervised methods in more than 36% under the pF1 metric and in more 4% under the K metric. 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. More precisely  , the goal was to reproduce the GeneRIF Gene Reference into Function used in the LocusLink 1 database  , either from a Medline record or from the entire article. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. In the case of SRAA dataset we inferred 8 topics on the training data and labeled these 8 topics for all the three classification tasks discussed above. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. Many Quora users seem to frequently post replies prompted by others rather than by their personal situation ; hence the lower impact of the temporal component. Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. For example  , on FBIS dataset with 393 ,386 non-zero entries  , the corresponding FP Tree contained 367 ,553 nodes. To examine as many different implementations and hosts as possible  , we noted that the Billion Triple Challenge 2014 13 dataset consisted of a 4 GTriple corpus of spidered Web data. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. 4. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. Also  , data mining for high-level behavioral patterns in a diachronous  , heterogeneous  , partially- OCRed corpus of this scale is quite new  , precedented on this scale perhaps only by 8 which brands this new area as " culturomics " . Finally  , we offer our concluding remarks in Section 6. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. 4  , Requirement 15.  dimacsAw20w5: Representation: Windows with halfwindow size 20  , selected using LocusLink information. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Awareness. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. Overall  , the results of official RepLab systems were the first set of experiments on the RepLab 2013 dataset. the various categories. We also find statistically significant gains in performance on the larger CIFAR-10 and 100k TinyImages datasets. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. We have chosen the AS3AP benchmark for our performance tests due to its completeness in comparing relational systems with vastly different architectures and capabilities over a variety of workloads. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. In this dataset each title gets one " signatureword "  ,andeachsignaturewordisinserted intoanaverageoffivetitles. ThesearchstringinaTPC- W query is a signature word. Both implementations sustain roughly the same throughput. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. Table 12presents additional examples of pairs belonging to these relations and the ranking of human judgments  , ESA and TSA algorithms for the WS-353 dataset. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. Our study is based on data from the Github collaborative development forge  , as made available through our GHTorrent project 16. Previous qualitative research on GitHub by Dabbish et al. In 2012  , we consolidated the set Bio2RDF open source 5 scripts into a single GitHub repository bio2rdf-scripts 6 . Orkut also offers friend relationship. We tested SugarCube on the Blog06 collection 5 . Unfortunately  , again  , the Ingenta ontology does not support expressing usage of scholarly documents  , which is a primary concern in MESUR. The database dump contains publicly available information of questions  , answers  , comments  , votes and badges from the genesis of Stack Overflow August 2008 to the release time of the dump. The WebKB dataset contains webpages gathered from university computer science departments. Table 7 shows some examples of undeleted questions on Stack Overflow. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. Or  , do sequences that go through stages very quickly have more events ? In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. This allows the user to search for articles by author  , keywords in the title or abstract  , publication e.g. Many " viral " videos take off on social media only after being featured on broadcast media  , which often follows their being highlighted on intermediary sites such as Reddit or Buzzfeed. were detailed earlier in this document. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. 3 , Mean Reciprocal Rank. The data was parsed and used to construct a graph  , where each node corresponds to a blog user and a directed edge between two nodes corresponds to a blog entry of one of the users having a link to the other user's blog or entry therein. Although it is the responsibility of the Sender to inform the Receiver of his doubt  , an intact communication within the team of the Receiver can help to recognize the mistake Fig. These MESUR classes are mesur:Agent  , mesur:Document  , and mesur:Context 7 . These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Furthermore  , HeidelTime was extended to further languages  , currently supporting English  , German  , and Dutch 28. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Pull Requests in Github. Passage: Paul Krugman is also an author and a columnist for The New York Times. It is being used in speech synthesis  , benchmarking  , and text retrieval research. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. Data Cube model is compatible with SDMX – an ISO standard for sharing and exchanging statistical data and metadata. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . Most agreements thus contain explicit statements with this regard. We used GDELT http://gdeltproject.org/ news dataset for our experiments. To conduct our scalability experiments  , we used the same Orkut data set as was used in Section 5.1. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. Results show that TDT was positively correlated with usefulness  , meaning that TDT is a reliable indicator of usefulness; topic knowledge was not found to help in inferring usefulness. These headlines cover all articles published by NYT throughout the whole timespan of the Blogs08 corpus. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. Finally  , dual citizens have activity on alternatives that was sustained for longer than one week  , but their activity is not consistently higher on alternatives than Reddit. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. Moreover  , the classification accuracies are not uniform across all subject areas. Section 3.2.1  , we considered all the Stack Overflow users and their questions and answers. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. Point annotations  , for example  , are originally stored as comma separated property-values assignments in a BLOB column within the database. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. Given the difficulty of agreeing on a single  , appropriate music genre taxonomy  , some of these fine distinctions may also be worth discussing. However  , as witnessed in the popular dataset registry DataHub 2   , dataset descriptions are often missing entirely  , or are outdated  , for instance describing unresponsive endpoints 7. MEDoc models judge and label such sequence. We use Sindice Search API to search the WoD and Lucene for indexing/fuzzy retrieval model. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Creating a reference data set: MESUR has invested significant energy to compile a large-scale col- 1 Pronounced " measure "   , an acronym for " Metrics from Scholarly Usage of Resources " . in two different ways. We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. The Times News Reader application was a collaborative development between The New York Times and Microsoft. We report the classification accuracy for spam data set  , and the mean and standard deviation of classification accuracy for movie and SRAA data sets calculated over 5 runs of the algorithms. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. A large value of F1 measure indicates a better clustering. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. In an effort to bring documentation from different sources together  , we presented an evaluation of different techniques for extracting insight sentences from Stack Overflow. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. An explanation for this is that teasers often mention different events  , but according to the TDT labeling instructions they are not considered on-topic. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. , FC7. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. TPC-W benchmark is a web application modeling an online bookstore. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. We treat BeerAdvocate as a 'development domain'  , because we used it for developing the models and experimental setting  , and RateBeer as a 'test domain' in which we validate our final models on previously unseen data. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. We note that the complete example  , including the exemplary queries in an executable form  , is available at http://purl.org/NET/scovo One reason for the ubiquity of Orkut is most likely due to the power of influencers and the practice of account gifting. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. For the purpose of this study we will employ data from two large beer review communities BeerAdvocate and RateBeer.  Number of reported bugs. The second dataset is used to generate the second feature representation described in Section 4.1.2. The same problem was found for BLOG06-feed-000036  , BLOG06-feed-000043  , and many others. The OpenStreetMap project has successfully applied the Wiki approach to geo data. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? For example  , all of the New York Times advertisements are in a few URL directories. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. In contrast  , our work performs a similar computational analysis   , but also identifies the platform and motivational factors involved. People with different mobility patterns significantly differ in the topics they talk about and terms they use  , indicating a fruitful area of further study. To answer our research questions  , we followed a mixedmethods approach characterized by a sequential explanatory strategy 15. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. We recall that experienced community members viz. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. However  , given that we are interested in the peak in the coverage  , rather than in the number of events  , here we directly use the news articles  , not the events automatically mapped by GDELT; applying a consistent methodology for detecting events. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. This realization has led various retail giants such as WalMart 4 to enter Indian market. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. editors  , actors and CEOs. Table 9gives the numbers of directly and indirectly relevant documents. The SHOE Knowledge Annotator is a Java program that allows users to mark-up webpages with the SHOE ontology. We separate total running time into three parts: computation time  , communication time and synchronization time. If I were to open this icon  , I would see: "The following files were edited but not saved. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2766462.2767839 previously been considered in various settings: at the WePS-3 evaluation effort 1  and as part of the RepLab 2012 and 2013 chal- lenges 2  , 3. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. The dataset as well as custom-built Ruby and R analysis tools are available on the Github repository gousiosg/pullreqs  , along with instructions on how to use them. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. For example  , it takes two days for EM to finish for the RateBeer dataset  , whereas our method takes just two minutes. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. This collection was created by us and contains the 10 largest ambiguous groups found in BDBComp. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. Therefore  , we computed for each combination of fingerprint  , chemical entity and top-x the 16 fingerprint based similarity measures resulting in around 88 million similarity values. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. Our study design was driven by several features that we discovered in this massive corpus. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. The front-end of Citebase is a meta-search engine. The Github API data come in two forms; a streaming data flow lists events  , such as forking or creating pull requests  , happening on repositories in real time  , while a static view contains the current state of entities. Both task 1 of DUC2001 and task 1 of DUC 2002 aim to evaluate generic single document summaries with a length of approximately 100 words or less. In our study  , we use more than 15M reviews from more than 3.5M users spanning three prominent travel sites  , Tripadvisor   , Hotels.com  , Booking.com spanning five years for each site. 7 The MESUR website offers detailed information on metric definitions and abbreviations: http://www.mesur.org/ With the addition of the Thomson Scientific journal Impact Factor a set of 47 metrics of scholarly impact result. This provides a visual link between the citation and web impacts. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. As Quora continues to grow  , it is clear that helping users easily identify and find the most meaningful and valuable questions and answers is a growing challenge. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. Last community is the withheld community while the rest are joined communities. For each day we had an average of 50 abstracts of articles  , which after parsing yielded 1.42 GB of texts with a total of 565 ,540 distinct words. Generally  , this information can be retrieved from topic-centered databases. , whether query segmentation is used for query understanding or document retrieval. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Transparency. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. The method of choosing the WT2g subset collection was entirely heuristic. The Begbroke dataset corresponds to the one used in the work of 5; while the KITTI dataset is the fifth sequence from the odometry benchmark sequences  , provided by 20; and the City Centre dataset originates in the work of 3. The Rice TPC-W implementation includes a workload generator   , which is a standard closed-loop session-oriented client emulator . This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . Data Collection and Cleaning. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . We also aim at improving the OpenStreetMap data usage scenario  , e.g. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. They may be classified as distinct documents by some users  , and duplicates by some others. Questions on Stack Overflow are marked 'closed' if they are deemed unfit for the question-answer format on Stack Overflow and indicate low quality. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ?  WebKB 4 Universities Data WebKB: This data set contains 8  , 282 web pages collected in 1997 from computer science departments of various universities  , which were manually categorized into seven categories such as student  , faculty  , and department. The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. The nonvolatile version of the log is stored on what is generally called stable storage e.g. Failure case. " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. Datasets. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . Using it  , we first explore the use of almost 2 million pull requests across all projects in Github. Systems that provide this sort of optimal access via Z39.50 include the MELVYL catalog and the COPAC catalog hosted by Manchester Computing in the U. K. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. TDT2 contained stories in English and Mandarin. After the chemical entities are extracted  , we include top 10 most commonly used synonyms of the identified chemicals from PubChem 4 in the query. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. Foreign Broadcast Information Service FBIS 4. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. Figure 1: Overview of MESUR project phases. Craigslist has different sites based on geographic location and is similar to newspaper classified ads. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. Community Value. BM25 slightly outperforms LM with Dirichlet prior on the WT2G collection. This collection is comprised of four different sub-collections: FBIS  , FR94  , FT  , and LA-TIMES. In TPC-W  , one server alone can sustain up to 50 EBs. This may explain the relatively small absolute improvement of tLSA over LSA. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. Two well known public image datasets  , NUS-WIDE 25 and ImageNet 26  , along with a sampled ImageNet are used to evaluate performance. Since this context e.g. , WikiWars  , WikiBios but also on the news that are compiled from a large source of news channels. We use GitHub as an example of a new class of transparent software environments that incorporate social media features to make work more visible. We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. Xanga. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. Both Sig.ma and Sindice are document-based and don't offer SWS discovery features or search for data using SWS. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. We used the TPC-W search-by-title workloadforminFigure2andqueriesasinFigure4. Citation data are routinely used to assess the impact of journals  , journal articles  , scholarly authors  , and the institutions these authors are affiliated with. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. Usage instructions and further information can be also found at http://LinkedGeoData.org. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. WeChat allows users to send and receive multimedia messages in real-time via Internet. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. 14. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. This longest match requirement is effective against incomplete concepts  , which is a problem for the raw frequency approach as previously mentioned. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. TF–IDF scores are chosen for each to construct the queries. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. After that  , we design the experiments on the SemEval 2013 and 2014 data sets. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. It only requires UMBEL categorizations  , which can be achieved by number of methods such as the fuzzy retrieval model 8. iv Our approach is adaptable and can be plugged on top of any Linked Data search engine; in this paper  , we use Sindice 1. This relatively modest hit rate is due to the fact that the standard TPC- W workload has very low query locality compared to real e-commerce sites 3. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. In general our algorithm is monotonic  , however on some problems Ionosphere  , Australian Credit and Leaf the accuracy actually goes down slightly after some point. 5kudos to Andreas Langegger for the screen shot  , that generates statistics for datasets behind SPARQL-endpoints and RDF documents. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. The similarity to documents outside this window i.e. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. This dataset contains the purchase history from 2004-01-01 to 2009-03-08. Actually  , full-fledged functional templating is supported only by MediaWiki and Wikia which is MediaWikibased . The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast This enhancement enables a variety of new Linked Data applications such as geo data syndication or semantic-spatial searches. The TPC-W benchmark Online Book Store illustrated a 35 percent improvement in response time for Hilda over a corresponding J2EE implementation. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. I always got these favorites and these retweets  , and then I got followers on GitHub on the project. " Hilliness. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. for functional languages — would be less justified. These terms are slightly different morphologically. Hence  , we created a simple RefSeq XML schema for the RefSeq OAI repository 2. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. Stack Overflow is a collaborative question answering Stack Exchange website. The data consist of a set of 3 ,877 web pages from four computer science departments  , manually labeled with the categories: course  , faculty  , staff  , student  , research project  , or other. The Indian middle class represents a huge burgeoning market. Orkut: This graph represents the Orkut social network. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. With continuous and Figure 7 : The cell updating cycle rapid sampling  , the approach generates reasonable results in our experiments. The advantage of using the Stack Overflow API over the Stack Overflow data dump used in previous research such as that of Bacchelli et al. Table 8shows the results of all of the single-pass retrieval methods on three collections. For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. These studies prioritize short requests so that they are serviced first  , while our approach actively detects and drops long requests. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Thus  , although over a sixth of Xanga users have provided email addresses  , we cannot use it when trying to match users across networks. In Brazil  , Orkut  , a popular social network  , is the most popular website in the country 3. One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. In TPC-W  , the RR-QID query routing policy delivers better performance than its cost-based counterpart. This work is situated in the context of an information extraction framework developed in 6  , 7. BRIGHTKITE. Note that this technique of determining Semantic associations is Besides determining associations between patents  , inventors  , assignees and UMLS concepts and classes  , one can also identify associations within UMLS Semantic Network classes. Synonyms are the first type of words for which the TSA method seems to outperform the ESA method. We now turn to the experiments on the Topic Detection Task. Applying our utility function to SVD leads to a new utility function SV D util in this paper. Altogether  , the need to recall queries and repeat lengthy search processes is abolished. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. From the PSLNL documents  , the system extracted 6500 data items on which our evaluation is carried out. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. For scanned articles  , per-article metadata such as titles  , issue dates  , and boundaries between articles are also derived algorithmically from the OCRed data  , rather than manually curated. Those are mutually exclusive with testing data in Genome Task and our testing data. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. In this section  , we analyze the Quora social graph to understand the interplay between user social ties and Q&A activities. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. KIM 2 provides a novel Knowledge and Information Management infrastructure and services for automatic semantic annotation  , indexing  , and retrieval of documents. Without considering the context  , Baseline2 recommends the homepage of Sears as the first choice. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. With both the ESA index and the proposed selectioncentric context language model pw|s  , c  , we can compute a selection-centric context semantic vector Vs  , c based on the centroid of the semantic vector of each term. SISE will only work if a topic is discussed on Stack Overflow. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. Still  , the mapping can be inhomogeneous some zones can be more detailed annotated than others. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. The Data Collection Mechanism component is responsible for gathering Q&A data from Stack Overflow. Linked- GeoData is derived from OpenStreetMap and OpenStreetMap is an open  , collaborative bottom-up effort for collecting this large-scale spatial knowledge base. The mean partitions the block access distribution more effectively than an approach based on percentiles since  , paradoxically  , it is less affected by clustered values. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. NIST assessors referred to the WT2g collection during the process of ad hoc topic generation. To get a deeper comparison  , we perform another experiment on smaller datasets where the full supervised information can be used for training. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. Also shown on the figure are the corresponding curves for the New York Times and Kim Kardashian. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. The second and third requirements ruled out a uniform 2 % sample. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. For each of these documents we extracted the chemical entities and their roles within a reaction. 3 How would you grade your knowledge of bibliographic self-archiving after using the BDBComp service ? For example  , another popular database  , that provides substructure search functionality over more than 31 million chemical molecules  , is the PubChem database 2. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. The discovery strategy is based on observations of typical documents. Further  , the network representation could be expanded to include editor interaction on the Talk pages  , which might reveal collaborative sequences such as Talk page discussion followed by article revision. From the extracted dataset metadata i.e. The compounds of this dataset have been categorized into four different classes 0  , 1  , 2 and 3 based on the levels of activity  , with the lowest labeled as 0 and the highest labeled as 3. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. Chafkin 2012. Nasehi et al. Case study: Finding hotels in Amish Country. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Reductions help find syntactically simpler forms of an expression while keeping its semantics intact. Researchers can install PHP  , Laravel  , Node.js  , and a SQL framework and download the GitHub repository to get started with their instance of Coagmento. This ensures that each symbol in x is either substituted  , left intact or deleted. The assessors checked the number of relevant documents in the Web collection once they had a candidate topic from searching the ad hoc collection. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. To facilitate the development and advancement of video hyperlinking systems  , video hyperlinking has become a competition task since 2012 in MediaEval 6. An  list  , and leave the original node intact except changing its timestamp . Renown examples of such systems can be found in the institutional repository area  , where research communities are interested in processing publications e.g. We observe similar trends in Quora. Documents in both D1 and D2 Figure 5 are drawn from dataset collection WT2G where |D1| = |D2| = 2500  , |T1| = 50961 and |T2| = 127487. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. The Stack Overflow ! Thus  , the problem to be solved in this paper is to develop flexible techniques for discovering patterns in PSLNL documents. As an effort to provide additional evaluation data in this problem domain  , we created a new dataset 1 to further evaluate our results upon. analyze questions on Stack Overflow to understand the quality of a code example 20. In particular  , OpenStreetMap OSM is an initiative for crowdsourcing map information from users. OntologyX uses context classes as the " glue " for relating other classes  , an approach that was adopted for the MESUR ontology. The New York Times account was created before the old suggested users list and immediately benefits from its introduction at label 1. The server side is implemented with Java Servlets and uses Jena. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. '16  , May 14 -22  , 2016  , Austin  , TXFigure 1: Monthly growth of pull request usage on GitHub. the passage words author and columnist are associated with the question word write by their semantic relationgloss of author and columnist in this case. Note that the connection between the bibliographic record and the usage event occurs through the doc id bolded properties. This collection contains over 1.8 million articles covering a period of January 1987 to June 2007. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. To facilitate the crowdsourcing of documentation  , the Stack Overflow community explicitly encourages contributions where the person asking the question also provides an answer. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. The backoff strategy and the interpolation strategy are compared for all three methods using the FBIS database and topics 401-450 i.e. For merged pull requests  , an important property is the time required to process and merge them. All the initial groups in consideration consist of at least three members. Our combination method is also highly effective for improving an n-way classifier. For locking in the database  , think time has an average of 8 seconds and bounded to 80 seconds. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. Example 2. As a result  , in order to improve triple store query efficiency  , MESUR stores such data in a relational database  , and the MESUR ontology does not explicitly represent these literals. Stack Overflow is driven by the goal to be an exhaustive knowledge base on programming related topics and hence  , the community would like to ensure minimal possible noise on the website. The rest of the order was preserved intact. DUC2001 provided 309 news articles for document summarization tasks  , and the articles were grouped into 30 document sets. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. We also performed a stand-alone ground truth evaluation of collusion and adjusted agreement. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. However  , even in this case the system throughput is increased by 33%  , from 450 to 600 EBs. We conduct experiments on eight standard collections  , which include AP88-89 with queries 51-100  , AP88-90 with queries 51-150  , FBIS with queries 351-450  , FT91-94 with queries 301-400  , LA with queries 301-400  , SJMN1991 with queries 51-150  , WSJ87-92 with queries 151-200 and WT2G with queries 401-450. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. We collected 250 attractions in Paris from the TripAdvisor website . For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. In particular  , in the WebKB task  , the attributes significantly impair RDN performance. Up to August 2013  , 1.9 million pull requests from more than two hundred thousand projects have been collected. Falcons  , Semplore  , SWSE and Sindice search for schema and data alike. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. dmoz.org. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. Figure 2: Performance trend MAP as the single smoothing hyper-parameter λ  , µ  , and ω changes for each language model on the WT2g tuning collection for description only queries top and for description and narrative queries bottom. This again suggests that the distribution of relevant documents played an important role in the determination of topic temporality. It is for sure possible to concatenate single dimensions used on the scovo:Item-level—for example concluding from the range of the four quarters ex:Q12006 to ex:Q42006 that the dataset actually is referring to the year 2006. We now describe the parameter setting used for the model. , 45% of all collaborative projects used at least one pull request during their lifetime. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. .  Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. Due to its focus on news data  , TDT possesses " an explicitly time-tagged corpus " . Performance Data. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. We run a 10-fold crossvalidation on this sample. The data set  , denoted as Bigset  , contains around 147 summary-document pairs. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. We perform the first large scale study on poor quality or deleted questions on Stack Overflow. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. In the Shop.com dataset  , however  , we have both the product price information and the quantity that a consumer purchased in each record. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Since our system only dealt with english language opinions it made no sense to keep the non english ones. Besides  , since we have sentiment labels on sentences from the NewEgg data set  , the sentiment transition indicator τ can be directly inferred. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. At the end of 2012  , GitHub hosted over 4.6M repositories. , biblio. There are over 100 different badges on Stack Overflow  , which vary greatly in how difficult they are to achieve. P -perfect user model setting  , I -informational  , N -navigational LETOR eval- uation. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. Another problem is  , although less frequent  , that the extracted URLs are sometimes not permalinks but hyperlinks to the web pages the blog posts are commenting on. 14 The code used to create the LOTUS index is also publicly available. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. However  , this information is not directly available in the publicly available data dumps provide by Stack Overflow . These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. A total of 45 ,995 blogs were identified by their homepage URL. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. The number of judgments collected in this mainly automatic fashion are shown in Table 7. The TPC-W benchmark implements a fixed number of emulated browsers EBs that send requests to the system. Our method is a hybrid generative-discriminative method where the term weights represent a generative model and the linear discriminant represents a discriminative model of the classification problem . The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: One very important issue is what we call " statisticalpresentation fidelity " . Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. While the triple store is still a maturing technology  , it provides many advantages over the relational database model. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. We crawled all Wikitravel pages of locations within the US  , starting with the page on the United States of America as the seed list. But chemical articles contains both text and molecule structure images; we can only imagine what opportunities would we get by combining text data mining methods and cheminformatics search techniques. Segments in curly brackets denote whole URLs that match predefined URL patterns   , such as GitHub URLs as denoted by {github}. It is surprising that adding gene information from euGenes and LocusLink deteriorates the mean average precision comparing rows Heuristics&AcroMed and All of the above in Table  3   , although the additional data increases the recall from 5 ,284 to 5 ,315 relevant documents. For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Performance results for retrieving points-of-interest in different areas are summarized in Table 3. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. The Sindice index does not only allow search for keywords  , but also for URIs mentioned in documents. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. Third  , a major draw of Reddit is its ability to support niche communities. All participants were in the early to moderate stages of PD and were completely cognitively intact. This model is easily extensible by defining new factors and agents pertaining to the actual statistical data. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. Collections. The Chinese collection was tokenized using the Stanford segmenter for Chinese  , the Porter stemmer was used for English  , and alignment was performed using GIZA++ 6. Auto- Comment extracts code-descriptions mappings  , which are code segments together with their descriptions  , from Stack Overflow  , and leverages this information to automatically generate descriptive comments for similar code segments in open-source projects. In Figure 4  , we analyze the effect of a varying λ on the runtime. We believe that this is mainly because the number of alias symbols provided by the LocusLink database is overwhelming. To analyze the impact from various numbers of auxiliary corpora  , we discard Sraa-1 ,2 from Multi-1 ,2 and then applying the C-LDA. In the rest of the paper  , we first present the background information on the TPC benchmark W. Then  , in Section 3  , we discuss the design of our distributed bookstore application with the focus on the four distributed objects that enable data replication for the edge services. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. Since RS is written only by the tuple mover  , we expect it will typically escape damage. According to the Stack Overflow guide 2   , a good answer  , besides being correct   , should be clear  , provide examples  , quote relevant material  , be updated  , and link to more information and further reading. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. The feature semantic_jaccard is similarly defined by the Best RepLab system 34  , detailed in §3.5. Among them are ABC News  , Associated Press  , New York Times  , Voice of America   , etc. Since the first dataset was crawled from the Newsvine website we could not obtain any click data that can validate which uncommented stories were actually viewed by a user. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. But unfortunately the users -the scientists and scholars -often underestimate the scope and the urgency of the need for preservation work. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Figure 6shows the trajectory after perturbation in the intact and lesioned cases. Next we consider how experience relates to user retention. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. She has access to the New York Times news archive via a time-aware exploratory search system.