Creating individual preprocessing rules for each repository in the collection is not a scalable solution for OAIster  , or any other large metadata collection. Authority would seem to be closely related to the notion of credibility. NER in biomedical domain has attracted the attention of numerous researchers in resent years.  IBM06PR: This run used both the title and description fields of the topic in query analysis Select agent parameters were tuned to target higher precision. Although the main objective of this study was to evaluate the performance of WSD in IR it was integral that we examined the accuracy of our disambiguation in isolation so that we could quantify its effects when used in our IR experiments. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. Technorati provided us a slice of their data from a sixteen day period in late 2006. RDFa data itself contains information using a number of common and less common ontologies  , making it hard to exploit efficiently . In the original scenario  , once a template was created and loaded We will refer to this version as UMLS-CUI-sen. Once the four versions of the concept documents are obtained   , we build the four corresponding UMLS-CUI indexes using Indri. When we compare the SEG module recall 80.45% with the results reported in the JNLPBA shared task in Table 3   , it is clear that subsequent good classification results will yield a good overall F 1 . Since we combine the text from the three elements  , this type of misuse does not affect our subject metadata enrichment. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. To describe the differences of the data models that express the same example instance with different vocabularies and vocabulary terms  , we make use of features such as the number of datasets using a vocabulary or the total occurrence of a vocabulary term. We used the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006 2 to refer to a standardized set of texts. Users can provide keyword or URI based queries to the system. Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. Which identities benefit the most ? In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. Some previous work has identified a certain fraction of splogs in these two datasets. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. µ models are based on the suggestions by 4. Other work Ottoni et al. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. The result pages of Ask.com with fact answers can be accessed at http://lepton.research.microsoft.com/facto/doc/ask_answer.zip. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. Then  , we discuss our first two approaches  , which are relatively straightforward and mainly used for comparison: the random ranking of destinations Section 2.2  , and the list of the most popular destinations Section 2.3. The user selects an article from the result set and its thesaurus-related metadata are retrieved to further support her refine the results Fig. Section 5 evaluates SERT with application benchmarks from Ask.com. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. Our goal is set to design a system as simple as possible  , without using any external processing engine or resources  , other than the standard Indri toolkit and a third party LETOR toolkit. However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. In addition  , it is not always clear just what the 'correct sense' is. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. We have also collected the ionosphere IONEX. The application of opinion modules is similar to on-topic retrieval optimization in that opinion scores generated by modules act as opinion reranking factors to boost the ranks of opinionated blogs in the topic-reranked results. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. In each DjVu XML file  , the OCRed text is organized in a page  , paragraph  , line  , and word hierarchy. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. com. Falcons  , Swoogle and Sindice have at some point in time been available as public Web Services for users to query. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. 50 test topics  , each consisting of title phrase  , description sentence  , and narrative paragraph fields  , were constructed using queries from commercial blog search engines e.g. As a matter of fact  , there are based on the only anchor text of the pages in the tiny aggregators sub collection. For each tag  , we then collected the 250 most recent articles that had been assigned this tag. In LETOR  , data is partitioned in five subsets. Another approach is to run a controlled experiment that mimics a news aggregator  , as done in Lerman and Hogg 2014; Hogg and Lerman 2014. Aggregated Search of Data and Services12 proposes to answer an SQL-like data query on XML datasets and RDBMS and propose relevant services to the latter. Since the growth of documents in Sindice was closely related to upgrades in their technical infrastructure in the past  , we cannot reliably use their growth rate. Therefore   , we use the descriptions from the 50 examples and the 21 ,872 Wikitravel suggestions to assign the 50 examples to the 5 Wikitravel categories. ask.com before query " Ask Jeeves " . We compare our new proposals against several competitive systems  , including structured max-margin learners and RANKBOOST 6. The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. We take advantage of a production A/B testing environment at Booking.com  , which performs randomized controlled trials for the purpose of inferring causality. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. SRimp: this is the social regularization method that uses the implicit social information. For instance  , http://www.w3.org/People/Berners-Lee/ is then an instance of http://dmoz.org/Computers/ Internet/History/People/Berners-Lee ,_Tim/. Most images in LabelMe contain multiple objects. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . In the experiments we use one graph instance for each targeted application area  , i.e. We followed the advice from a Quora data scientist 3 and start our question crawls using 120 randomly selected questions roughly evenly distributed over 19 of the most popular question topics. The majority of current tools are not aimed at non-expert users. How to optimize towards diversity under the context LETOR is yet another problem to be studied in future. After filtering by Syntactic Filter  , this collection contained 10 authors  , 48 books  , 757 reviews and 13 ,606 distinct words. One approach to aggregated search is to use different vertical searches images  , video  , news  , etc. However  , the Clarksville is not mentioned in the anchor text of the Nashville wikitravel page  , and it is reasonable that it is not included in the top-5 ranking of the Model-Anchor. Examining this list immediately points out several challenges to users of tags and designers of tagging systems. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. Blog search engines such as Technorati have introduced new features enabling people to find authoritative feeds on a given topic. Empty query results are indicators for missing in-links. Our snapshots were complete mirrors of the 154 Web Sites. Web page classifiers based on SVM algorithm are trained beforehand for a few topics of DMOZ http://dmoz.org. There are a number of future directions for this work. We extracted a larger number of suggestions from Wikitravel pages on cities and towns in the US and created two systems that generate geographically independent rankings. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. They divide the abstract in two parts: the first  , static part showing statements related to the main topic of the document  , and weighted by the importance of the predicate of the triple  , while the second  , dynamic part shows statements ranked by their relevance to the query. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . Then we only need to invert the matrix once in the first iteration  , but not in subsequent iterations. Due to the fact that the Nashville is just 47.8 miles further than the Clarksville in the state of Tennessee  , this page is judged as a relevant suggestion. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . Since we are only training on a single topic  , resulting accuracy is far lower than what typically published LETOR results. Brooks and Montanez 4 have studied the phenomenon of user-generated tags to evaluate effectiveness of tagging. For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . We perturbed the original data with random noise such that mean SNR is same as the artificial dataset  , i.e. But still they are far from being a comprehensive platform for organizing all types of personal data. §3 gives a brief background of Pinterest and our dataset. So  , when we merge the group profiles the items considered in training were the items rated by at-least one member who has a group identifier. For query expansion   , every concept was expanded by including concepts synonymous to or beneath them in the UMLS hierarchy. The average pairwise Kendall tau correlation of humans with the assigned credibility metric ranking was 0.45. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. For non-adaptive baseline systems  , we used the same dataset. exact string match  , normalised string match. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. For instance  , in order to tolerate OCR errors in volume and issue number line  , we set the Levenshtein Distance20 between an examined string and the target " volume " and " issue " keywords as a parameter and choose the optimal value based on experiments. Weights of query concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Thus  , we decided to index a particular dataset for stable and comparative evaluations. This is because the number of iterations needed to learn U decreases as the code length increases. As we described in §2 and §3.1.3  , we can use a binary classifier to compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future. We chose the EUSES corpus because it is by far the largest corpus that has been widely used for evaluation by previous spreadsheet research studies. Across the four data sources  , the best results are obtained from dbSNP  , where the highest recall is 90%. 2007URLs. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. The data contains only English content with 8.1M blog posts from 2.7M unique blogs. post/pole and wall/fence. Similarly to UCLA  , we also utilized MetaMap  , UMLS and Lucene McCandless et al. On the Jester data  , the KρDS algorithm can finish the tasks in reasonable time only with pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 or pruning strategies 1 ,2 ,3 ,4. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. To create the seed set for Xanga we took advantage of the concept of " metros " : each metro corresponds to a geographical region in which users locate themselves. InLinks We assume that non-personal blogs are more likely to have a large number of incoming links than personal ones  , and use the Technorati Cosmos API 2 to obtain this number. This results in irregular shapes for the cumulative degree distributions  , which represent the proportion of blogs having at least k in-links or out-links. We automatically processed these definitions in FOLDOC and extracted  , for each term  , its acronym or expansion if the term is an acronym  , if any  , and the system's confidence that the acronym and expansion are co-referents of one another. The empirical results indicate that even with sparse models  , the ranking performance is still comparable to that of the standard gradient descent ranking algorithm. The disambiguation system we used SUDS is based on a statistical language model constructed from the manually sense tagged Brown1 part of the Semcor corpus. Workers in Reddit HWTF almost exclusively discuss HITs. Whereas an individual may contribute few posts and comments on Reddit  , after migrating to a new platform  , their level of contribution frequently increases. We filter the Concepts based on information we have available from the UMLS. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. The input to the topic model is the so-called " bag-of-words representation " of a collection  , in which every metadata record is represented by a sparse vector of word counts  , i.e. To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. The results presented in the experimental section were obtained using the Quora topic model as the background knowledge model. Bloggers that provide music codes to add to blogs which play music and video are also popular in Xanga XaNgA MuSiC  , Music Galore. The comparison of the feature distributions of the Reddit datasets is similar. In Ranking SVM plus relation  , we make use of both content information and relation information. Results of disambiguation Using these constraints  , we find 13 ,100 total matches. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. We also see a noticeably high number of potentially duplicated profiles across sites  , sometimes due to setting up multiple blogs one for family  , one for friends  , perhaps due to wanting to " start over " afresh. From Figure 1b and Figure 2 b  , we actually cannot find evidences that social friend information is correlated with user interest similarity. Datasets. Therefore  , in the case where hundreds of raw features are employed  , ranking functions may need more than 1% of the complete collection to achieve optimal performance. From randomly sampled smells  , 434 error computation smells previously created can help end users the quality of their We summarize main contributions of this paper  Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. KDDCUP 2005 provides a test bed for the Web query classification problem. This systems extracts suggestions for sightseeing  , shopping  , eating  , and drinking from Wikitravel pages dedicated to US cities. Features in Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of 'low-level' features and 'high-level' features. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. We also experimented with the granularity of the documents themselves. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. Most QA systems are substantial team efforts  , involving the design and maintenance of question taxonomies 14  , 15  , question classifiers  , and passage-scoring heuristics. The UMLS Metathesaurus contains millions of biomedical and health related concepts. The accuracy improvements are statistically significant for the data sets of Breast-Cancer  , Pima Diabetes  , Ionosphere  , and Balance Scale according to a t-test at a significance level of 5%. For City Youngstown  , OH  , its Wikitravel page is " 2. Several communities that were banned from Reddit on June 10th  , 2015 moved en masse to Voat  , carrying with them their grievances about Reddit and public perceptions of supporting hate speech  , which may have influenced their attitudes towards public inquiries on their motivations for leaving. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. Hence  , Douban is an ideal source for our research on measuring the correlations between social friend and user interest similarity. In further discussions  , we focus our analyses only on Voat  , Snapzu  , Empeopled  , and Hubski  , which received the majority of traffic from Reddit during the events. In Figure 4we present a representative set of Semantic Web vocabularies that are relevant for the desktop  , grouped by their application domain. Note that it is commonly believed that Rank-Boost performs equally well as Ranking SVM. However. Your presence simply matters more here.. " " The difference between Reddit and Empeopled  , is the same as going from a Metropolitan city to a progressive small town. Each expansion added by UMLS expansion is assigned a weight of 12. The open source Sindice any23 4 parser is used to extract RDF data from many different formats. The Spambase Database is derived from a collection of spam and non-spam e-mails and consists of 4601 instances with 57 numeric attributes. 2013  has shown that behavior on Pinterest differs significantly by gender. works  , while Blogger users are the most discrete among the three networks: none of the examined Blogger users had listed and made visible their email address under the Email category. Base queries were produced from the condensed patient summaries. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. After discussing the related work in the next section  , we briefly present the UMLS framework in section 3. Organization and contributions. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In addition  , we propose a category-selection method to select the categories in the intermediate taxonomy so that the effectiveness and efficiency of the online classification can be improved. Is there a relation between the number of suggestions available in the context city and the number of suggestions that are geographically relevant ? , making ample use of the Sindice public cache. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. XCRAWL also implements the automatic identification of an initial set of websites that are likely to contain pages with target data  , providing an effective start point. The winner of the KDDCUP 2005 competition found that the best result was achieved by combining the exact matching method and SVM. Table 3 shows the various statistics about the datasets. Sindice  , Falcons and Hermes are formally evaluated over hundreds of millions of statements  , while Semplore is evaluated over tens of millions of statements. This paper also contributes to image analysis and understanding. Working with pre-existing structure ensures that a human oversees the way information is organized. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Next  , we experiment with the extent that the algorithms can produce quality recommendations for groups  , using the MoviePilot data. When we failed to identify the location of a user  , we categorize their location as " other " . As a result  , each concept in the domain of personal photos can be mapped to the closest label in the ImageNet.  The DjVu XML file presents logical structures of the OCRed text. We can report that the SWSE Semantic Web Search Engine 4 will also soon be serving data obtained thanks to dumps downloaded using this extension. The synthetic data is not used because it is too large for KρDS to search without any one of the pruning strategies. Apart from concepts  , UMLS Metathesaurus also contains a wide range of information about the relations between concepts in the form of database tables. Nevertheless  , in a setup similar to LETOR setup  , as in our experiments  , we show that substantially less documents than the ones used in LETOR can lead to similar performance of the trained ranking functions. 5 The experimental A Reddit bot called the DeltaBot confirms deltas an example is A.3 in Figure 1 and maintains a leaderboard of per-user ∆ counts. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. As such  , we validated the results by ourselves partially and manually in due diligence. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. In the current system  , the page number of a scanned page is recognized by analyzing the OCRed text. TaggerEvaluation. The basic units of data on Pinterest are the images and videos users pin to their boards. In Section 5  , we compare the approaches empirically on the tasks of KDDCUP 2005 competition. In this section we will describe our experimental setup and evaluation approach  , and the results of the experiments. Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. The list of the Web sites were collected from the Open Directory http://dmoz.org. Another threat to external validity of our evaluation concerns the representativeness of spreadsheets in the EUSES corpus and collected in our case study. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. The See category is overrepresented in the top 5  , whereas the Eat and Drink categories are underrepresented . It can be concluded that SCSM can achieve a comprehensively better performance among unsupervised methods. Sig.ma  , which is a search application built on top of Sindice  , is positioned in another area more closely related to the " Aggregated Search " paradigm  , since it provides an aggregated view of the relevant resources given a query 6. We define some patterns and values as Table 1: In ELC task  , homepages are in the Sindice dataset. A search with " ICT industry growth in EU " presents 272 results from EconStor; the STW terms used in this search are " ICT industry " and " economic growth " . , Mean Reciprocal Rank. The KITTI dataset provides 22 sequences in total. Answers and StackOverflow  , the Reddit dataset offers following unique advantages. For each query or document  , we keep the top three topics returned by the classifier. This model implements the architecture proposed by 21 with 5 convolutional layers followed by 3 fully-connected layers and was pre-trained on 1.2 million ImageNet ILSVRC2010 images. In the following  , we present seven well-known and publicly available data sets which are used in our evaluation. The reviews from NewEgg are segmented into pros and cons sections by their original authors  , since this is required by the website . There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. It is so interesting to know that the Model-Anchor suggests the WikiTravel page of the Kalamazoo city that is judged as an irrelevant suggestion in the first rank. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. As an example of a QC task  , given the query " apple "   , it should be classified into " Computers\Hardware; Living\Food&Cooking " . Thr facial feature extraction using UShI is studied ill tlis p:tpcr. Perhaps because of the density  , and/or because the continuous scale introduces less quantization error in ratings  , Jester exhibits lower NMAE values than the other datasets we tested. We can see that  , in general  , the UMLS concept based representation gives better retrieval performance  , when compared with " raw text " or " raw text + UMLS " . 6fshows that this result extends to measures of influence on Pinterest. In BlogPulse  , according to the splog detection methodology presented in 14  , the percentage of splogs is 7.48%. For each example  , we plot the percentage of clickthroughs against position for the top ten results. , the " wish " expressions are not considered to be ratings. For example offering an RDF dump in N-Triples for semantic search engines such as Sindice 26 along a SPARQL-endpoint for cross-site query is a typical pattern. All these methods are tested in the setting where a fixed set of mentions is given as input  , without requiring the mention detection step. Any opinions  , findings and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect those of the National Science Foundation. We first extracted all of the UMLS terms that appeared in the query. We collected concrete examples of research tasks  , and classified them into categories. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. This logical structure information can be used to help the metadata extraction process. To assess how popularity impacts contributions  , we computed the ranking of each subreddit according to the number comments made to that community during June and July 2015. 8 we observe that the results share the similar trends with Douban data based experiments. This can be seen from the popularity of Technorati tags such as " Baseball "   , " Blogs "   , " Fashion "   , " Funny "   , and so on. , Do social repins become more important as the user matures and conducts more activities on Pinterest ? , product recommendation on shopping websites  , collaborator and patent recommendation in academia  , friend recommendation on social networks  , and personalized web search. According to a recent survey made by Technorati 7  , there are about 75 ,000 new RSS feeds and 1.2 million new stories daily. Second  , dual-citizens and tourists had significantly higher initial activity rates on Reddit prior to trying an alternative platform  , which suggests they were more actively involved in Reddit communities; such users might have more social capital on Reddit making them reluctant to sever their ties to Reddit . Results for the chosen categories are illustrated in Table 2  , reporting Precision  , Recall and F 1 for any Supersense. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. are not annotated with concepts from the UMLS  , however they are kept for logical formula conversion. It stores 37.72 million documents  , which accounts for slightly more than 0.1% of all WWW documents . In this section  , we present our ranking approaches for recommendations of travel destinations. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. , Craigslist postings are sorted by date. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. Reddit Reddit is composed of many different subcommunities called " subreddits " . In this section  , inspired by KDDCUP 2005  , we give a stringent definition of the QC problem. 20  , who propose a model for recommending boards to Pinterest users. Firstly  , we classified trail pages present in into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . , Feng et al. It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. The test for basic functionality at Craigslist uses the browser to browse advertisements in the San Francisco bay area sfbay.craigslist.org. Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. Figure 3shows logical structure and bounding box information embedded within a DjVu XML document. Then  , for each search result LOD URI  , parallel requests are sent to the server for categorization of LOD resources under UMBEL concepts. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. What's important for our purposes is that the senses have information associated with them that will help us to distinguish them. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. This indicates that the bridging classifier works in a different way as the exact matching method and SVM  , and they are complimentary to each other. When compared with the rankings determined by Technorati inlink counts  , the average pairwise Kenall tau correlation with human rankings was only 0.30. This provides a consistent topical representation of page visits from which to build models. The KC4 dataset has been taken from the NASA data metrics program http://mdp.ivv.nasa.gov/. All sequences were captured at a resolution of 1241×376 pixels using stereo cameras with baseline 0.54m mounted on the roof of a car. 1 that 50+researchers are publishing in new conferences at a relatively consistent rate over the years. We begin by briefly describing Pinterest  , our terminology  , and the dataset used in the rest of this paper: Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to organise thematic collections of images. 8 and 9 and find that our proposed context-aware PCC reduces MAE/RMSE compared to original PCC by around 4.25%/5.46% on average book data  , movie data and music data. An example is provided in Figure 2. Semantic Web search engines  , such as SWSE 5  , Swoogle 4  , Falcons 2 or Sindice 7  , are based on the common search paradigm  , i.e. A text classifier similar to that used in 2 is applied to classify each Web document in D into predefined categories in KDDCUP 2005. Our experiments with two applications from Ask.com indicate the proposed techniques can effectively reduce response time and improve throughput in overloaded situations. Therefore  , we denote it by F1 instead of " performance " for simplicity. " Figures 4b shows the performance of our model in comparison with the best baseline B3 over the NASDAQ. Ratings are implemented with a slider  , so Jester's scale is continuous. Furthermore  , when we studied further the new clusterings returned by COALA  , it was interesting and unexpected to discover that in nearly all datasets  , COALA actually extracted a clustering which was of higher quality than the pre-defined clustering provided. Towards this end  , we revisit the notion of agreement in the context of Pinterest. UMLS contains a near-comprehensive list of biomedical concepts arranged in a semantic network of types and groups. Semcor is a manually sense tagged subset of the Brown Corpus consisting of 352 Documents split into three data sets see Table 1. 'London'  , provides the review riuj  , d k  as: riuj  , d k  = 0  , 1  , 0.  We evaluate Section 4 the probabilistic model alongside state-of-the-art CF approaches  , including popularity based  , neighbourhood  , and latent factor models using household rating data from MoviePilot 1 . We further augment the dictionary with terms of interest that are not present in FOLDOC  , in particular  , topics addressed by W3C standards. We would then examine the surrounding sentence if it contained any collocates we had observed from Semcor  , the word would be tagged with the corresponding sense. 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. In summary  , our experiments show a surprising willingness of users to make their private contact information available. This indicates that cell arrays are common in real-life spreadsheets. we did not filter based on the concept scores. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. OAIster has built a unique collection of over ten million records. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. One might conjecture either that MTurkGrind has developed into an independent  , more socialized community partly from a pool of Reddit HWTF users  , or that MTurk- Grind has started to attract users from Reddit HWTF who seek more social interactions. Furthermore  , we have also checked if bi-words appear in UMLS. These terms are slightly different morphologically. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " , one can further analyze comparisons with them. Taking the coffee sense of the word Java  , taking a path through the DMOZ tree would give us: http://dmoz.org/../Coffee and Tea/Coffee. For the comparison between ORCA and LOADED  , we used the 10% subset of the KDDCup 1999 training data as well as the testing data set  , as ORCA did not complete in a reasonable amount of time on the full training data set. We use the Douban 3 dataset in this subsection since in addition to the user-item rating matrix  , it also contains a social friend network between users. To analyze the semantic relationships between queries  , we assign each URL to a topic distribution over 385 categories from the second level of " Open Directory Project " ODP  , dmoz.org with a contentbased classifier 18. platform Activity. We also conducted interviews with most of our user study participants   , and six additional people  , asking them how they use the web to form and promote their opinions. The Merriam-Webster and Longman dictionaries offered different capabilities as repositories of data about lexical concepts. There are big differences in the overall score of a hotel across different sites. The implicitly held assumption Assumption 1 may not always be true for data streams. Similarly  , Mishne & de Rijke 8 showed a strong link between blog searches and recent news -indeed almost 20% of searches for blogs were news-related. The texton vocabulary is built from an independent set of images on LabelMe. We do present results of LOADED on the full training and testing data set. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. For example  , the typical configurations for our synthetic data sets use fanout and fan-in ranging from 2 to 20  , diameter up to 20  , and 10 to 50 distinct labels which are evenly distributed . The statistics showed that the vast majority of URIs contained a title and in only 1.1% of all cases no title could be discovered. Overall  , these results are encouraging and preliminary at the same time. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. In this paper  , we discuss some initial experiments that aim to determine what tasks are suitable for tags  , how blog authors are using tags  , and whether tags are effective as an information retrieval mechanism. She can further filter out blog posts by date  , leaving only the most recent ones in the result set. The difficulties include short and ambiguous queries and the lack of training data. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. We estimate the number of in-links by iterating over all elements in AC and querying the Sindice 9 SPARQL endpoint for triples containing the concept's URI in the object part. We compare the proposed context-aware biased MF with conventional biased MF and a representative context-aware model FM. 7b and 7dare results from the current best algorithm according to the KITTI dataset ranking system 1. The first 75% are selected as training documents and the rest are test documents. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. Even beyond the cluster/cloud threshold  , however  , we are able to continue to get improved turnaround times for several algorithms using the Hybrid approach. Hence  , we only compare the proposal algorithm with Ranking-SVM  , but not Rank-Boost. We observe that ambiguous computation smells occur commonly in the corpus: In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . The Ionosphere Database consists of 351 instances with 34 numeric attributes and contains 2 classes  , which come from a classiication of radar returns from the ionosphere . We illustrate the basic ideas through a cost-sensitive example even though the concept is applicable to both cost-sensitive and traditional accuracy-based problems. For these datasets  , there are 64 features extracted for each query-document pair and a binary relevance judgment for each pair is provided. By mapping these communities   , when a user posts to an alternative  , we can identify how popular the corresponding subreddit would be on Reddit . We used the Ionosphere Database and the Spambase Database. This year we experimented with the Wikitravel suggestion categories for buying  , doing  , drinking  , eating and seeing. Over half of Xanga users list some URL under the Webpage category; however on closer examination the URLs listed we saw that a large number do not refer to personal webpages but rather to popular or favorite websites   , e.g. 1  , " EconStor Results " . The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. There are 59 ,602 transactions in the dataset. The currently most complete index of Semantic Web data is probably Sindice 4 . The data collection we use is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. This effectively brings blog posts at the same vocabulary level as publications from EconStor. For example  , Technorati 1 lists most frequently searched keywords and tags. We conducted 5-fold cross validation experiments  , following the guideline of Letor. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. Upperleft   , upper-middle  , and upper-right figures correspond to the ROC-AUC scores on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. For each post  , Reddit provides the difference between the number of upvotes and number of downvotes. 16  , here we investigate whether a simple unweighted average is sufficient to give improve- ments. For the error computation  , only the PPK positions which had a few centimeters precision known thanks to the observation of the residuals were used as reference positions. The ten largest repositories by size in MB from our 9/2/2006 OAIster harvest are listed in Table 1. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. To compare users' behavior on Reddit with that on the alternative platforms   , we leverage the fact that many alternatives feature subreddits with direct analogs to those seen on Reddit  , e.g. In particular  , we use Sindice search for querying the WoD and Sindice Cache for retrieving RDF descriptions of LOD resources 2. Lower-left  , lower-middle  , and lower-right figures correspond to the completion rates on the Kinships  , UMLS  , and Nations datasets. We find that 10.4% of common hotels from Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , 9.3% from Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com  , exhibit significantly different rating characteristics  , which is usually a sign of suspicious behavior. The optimal parameters for the final GBRT model are picked using cross validation for each data set. Douban 7 is one of the largest Chinese social platforms for sharing reviews and recommendations for books  , movies and music. The ratings over the examples are distributed more evenly  , with the lowest rated example having an average rating of 1.41 and the highest 3.49. As shown in Figure 2  , the documents selected by the two methods also exhibit very high similarity to each other. The topic structure defined in our poster is extracted from the top 16 categories in the ODP taxonomy http://dmoz.org. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. We then ask whether time matters: i.e. few cim acliicvc a coruplctcly rcliablc pcrformanco due to t. Iic wide variations in tlic ~~ppwrancc of a partic.11- l a facc with clmngcs in pose  , lighting. moviepilot provides its users with personalized movie recommendations based on their previous ratings. Pinterest incorporates social networking features to allow users to connect with other users with similar interests. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. For identities that post malicious pins  , we consider the top 17 ,000 which corresponds to the 1% most untrustworthy Pinterest identities identities to be untrustworthy  , as ranked by their fraction of malicious pins. As with our first batch of results presented for Ro- bust04  , we again assume the user provides correct feedback. We use a charity donation dataset KDDCup 1998 that chooses a subset of population to send campaign letters. The results show that our proposed approach outperforms all the systems in the JNLPBA shared task. We vary the minimum coverage parameter ρ and compare the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data. MetaMap was applied for the identification of UMLS concepts in visits. 14. Suppose that user ui has n explicit social connections in the Douban dataset  , then we will choose the most similar n users as the implicit social connections in this method. We also see from Figure 4 that our NDCG-Annealing algorithm outperforms all the other baseline algorithms on this dataset. Reputation systems are important to the e-commerce ecosystem . When the LETOR collection was built  , the fact that documents with low BM25 score were selected only if they were relevant resulted in BM25 being negatively correlated with relevance in the LETOR collection. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. By explicitly identifying the sense of a word  , the system does not have to determine the sense of the user's category annotation or query. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de We could not scale up the LSI module in time to handle the Genomics data  , so we only used the gene synonyms created from the Gene Ontology harvest and nouns and phrases identified by the NLP module to expand the queries. Combining each time different subsets to make the training  , the validation and the test set  , the LETOR authors create 5 different arrangements for five-fold cross validation. 6 6 We do not consider the many important news stories that appear " after the bell  , " focusing here only on stories for which we have trading data. For real-life data  , we use a set of DAG-structured gene ontology data from the Gene Ontology Consortium and XML data generated from the XMark benchmark 22 with random additions of acyclic IDREFs. The proposed algorithm was ranked first for diabetes  , ionosphere  , iris  , and vehicle; third for segment; fourth for landsat; and eighth for bupa and breawst datasets. USA elections  , China earthquake  , etc. We also applied our method to " Ionosphere data " available from 14  , which is inherently noisy. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. The patents refer to 1291 UMLS concepts. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. We are not aware of any work dealing with ASR document categorization  , it's relevant issues and experimental results  , though researchers have looked at call-type classification 8. However  , even in the 7 categories where programmers have published regexps on the web  , or where we could convert dropdown or radio button widgets to regexps  , F 1 was only 0.31 the same accuracy as Condition 4 in those categories  , owing to a lack of regexps for unusual international formats that were present in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus. This result is statistically significant based upon a paired t-test across 10 random training/testing partitions of the dataset p-value: ≤ 1.7 × 10 −5 . However  , the vlHMM notices that the user input query " ask.com " and clicked www. Microsoft has a supercategory Computer and video game companies with the same head lemma. These ranked suggestions are then filtered based on the context. It crawls the web continuously to index new documents and update the indexed ones. This dataset  , from the German movie-rental site MoviePilot  , was released as part of the We overcome this by using a dataset that contains individual user preferences and their group membership. Fal- con 14  , Webclopedia 15  , Mulder 18  , AnswerBus 28 and AskMSR 11 are some well-known research systems  , as are those built at the University of Waterloo 7  , 8  , and Ask Jeeves http://ask.com. In the context of the project ELVIRA  , a tool for generating statistical correlation relations based on parallel corpora was implemented. The Blog06 test collection includes a crawl of feeds XML  , associated permalinks HTML  , retrieval units  , and homepages during Dec 2005 through early 2006. ii ricw invariant facc recognition systcni only bnscd on thc rcid vicw of tlic tcst facc is prcscntcd in illis papcr. For Perlegen data  , KρDS can even be faster than PGDS because of the pruning strategies. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. We collected all the reviews for some hotels in these sites. To assign the examples to the categories  , we crawled all 50 example websites  , downloading the homepage from each example  , and following site-internal links up to one level deep. Also for disambiguation purposes there is the MRCOC table which contains co-occurrences relationships between UMLS Concepts in text. This setting is employed to fairly compare the method SRimp with SRexp. Our algorithm failed to close the loop in sequence 9 because not enough frames were matched for loop closure. Using a context window consisting of the sentence surrounding the target word we would identify all possible senses of the word. The Jester dataset comes from Ken Goldberg's joke recommendation website  , Jester 10. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. The Gene Ontology 11  is a controlled vocabulary of terms GO codes describing gene product attributes. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. As it is commonly used in many topic classification studies   , we used the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org ontology of the web to study the empirical effectiveness of our proposed approach. Let us denote by gR and gt the ground-truth relative motion and by eR and et the estimated relative motion. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b.  The DjVu XML file retains the bounding box information of every single OCRed word  , from which we can estimate format features. Consistent with the previous literature on forum usage 6  , 7  , 19  , we find intensive discussion about HITs in all subcommunities. Some exceptions exist  , like BibSonomy 1 bookmarks + bibtex  , sevenload 2 pictures + video  , or technorati 3 blogs + video. With the help of this annotation tool  , the current LabelMe data set contains as large as 200 ,790 images which span a wide variety of object categories. Hotels show various inconsistencies within and across hosting sites. The car was also equipped with a Velodyne HDL-64E laser scanner LIDAR. We selected 500 of the articles collected from Technorati and  , for each of these articles  , we extracted the three words with the top TFIDF score. These systems return flat lists of ontologies where ontologies are treated as if they were independent from each other while  , in reality  , they are implicitly related. Opinion modules require opinion lexicons  , which are extracted from training data. According to this methodology  , documents in the complete collection are first ranked by their BM25 scores for each query and the top-k documents are then selected for feature extraction. Reddit HWTF in particular displays a variety of features e.g. Although the high-level processing steps are the same extracting articles  , filtering and classifying them  , and generating the HTML report  , the selection and coordination of the information management services need to be flexible and reconfigurable to handle dynamic situations. The applications used for the evaluation are two services from Ask.com 2 with different size distribution characteristics: a database index matching service and a page ranking service. One system also ignores individual user preferences  , while the other tries to take those preferences into account when ranking suggestions. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. Additionally  , we extract texton histograms 16 features  , which capture texture information using oriented gaussian filter responses. Therefore it is more likely that categories make sense  , have proper labels  , and that each category has information organized in a useful way e.g. A poll by Technorati found that 30% of bloggers considered that they were blogging about news-related topics 7. We tried to relate this to the growth of the Semantic Web. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. For each section  , first we extract all bold phrases. This work was funded in part by the National Science Foundation  , under NSF grant IIS-0329090  , and as part of the EUSES consortium End Users Shaping Effective Software under NSF grant ITR CCR-0324770. Thus  , the results reported here refer to non-normalized data. We crawled TripAdvisor.com  , Hotels.com  , and Booking.com. Our implementation can process the KITTI dataset at video rate 10 fps without massive parallization  , and the resulting maps have the higher quality compared to the state-of-the-art monocular visual SLAM systems. Here we only give the results under the WIC model. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. Before comparison  , we determine two important parameters  , i.e. Our system uses the UMLS Metathesaurus to generate high confidence synonyms: each keyword is expanded to include all concepts in the Metathesaurus which share the same UMLS concept ID as the keyword an abridged example is provided in Table 4. As illustrated in Figure 3  , a similar pattern is observed for the evaluation by the TBG metric. A final question that Reddit data allow us to easily answer is  , how are users received by other members of the community ? We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. Alternative platforms may attract sufficient users to aggregate content that appeals to a broad audience. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. The classifier has a micro-averaged F1 value of 0.60 and is described more fully in reference 5 . We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. The resulting test collection can be used to evaluate destination and venue recommendation approaches. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. The " Open Knowledge Extraction " challenge at ESWC 7 and frameworks such as GERBIL 28 are good systems to validate our approach. f Xanga web-link categories Briefly  , it uses a statistical analysis of collocation  , cooccurrence and occurrence frequency in order to assign sense. Similarities in spreadsheet formulas have been exploited in consistency checking 16 and testing of spreadsheets 8. A procedure 5 All data sets except the largest one are breadth-first crawls of sunysb.edu domain starting from http://www.sunysb.edu. 1 The analysis consisted of gathering classifications from different human annotators and from different IR / text mining methods and semantic resources  , and of quantitative and qualitative analyses of their outputs. Very few text analysis tools can  , for example  , deal with different confidence values in their input  , apart from the extensive standardization these would require for the input/output formats and interpretation of these values. Recommendations to Groups. Through the lense of Lee's push-pull theory of migration 1966  , we can see this increased migratory flow as being facilitated by the alignment of a strong push from Reddit with a strong pull toward Voat along a single factor. definitely  , possibly  , or not relevant. Jester has a rating scale from -10 to 10. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Pinterest pre-defines 33 categories  , varying from " Women's Fashion " and " Hair Beauty " to " Geek " and " Tattoos " . We may note that not all forms of data are equally useful for presenting to the user  , including the most popular tagging microformat originally invented for giving hints to the Technorati search engine for categorizing blog posts. In this paper  , we focus only on those cell arrays subject to computational semantics expressed in formula patterns without using " if " conditions. Report-side ontological propagation. However  , unlike the UMLS related term expansion  , we did not exclude any type of relationship in building the network. We also experimented with several approaches to query and document expansion using UMLS. We find that the superior retrieval effectiveness of GRH+NPQ is maintained when the hashcode length is varied between 16-128 bits for both LSH and PCA projections Figure 3a-b on CIFAR-10. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. To achieve this  , the concepts of LOD resources should be understood  , where lexical information about LOD resources can be used to mine such knowledge. The purpose of this comparison is to quantify any bias in our target population. For example  , for LSH projections GRH+NPQ gains a relative increase in AUPRC of 60% over NPQ and 28% over GRH on CIFAR-10. The dataset integration and data preparation is done in two steps. To develop query domain ontology  , first we map query keywords to UMLS concepts using MetaMap 1. Quora applies a voting system that leverages crowdsourced efforts to promote good answers. After receiving results  , our system augments the results with UMBEL categorizations  , which can be performed offline or dynamically 9. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. The UMLS itself has three tables for disambiguation: the MRREL Concept relationships   , MRHIER Atom relationships and MRCOC Co-Occurrence relationships . Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. The first is the unique document found containing both of the words " income " and " forecast " as well as the American Tobacco Company logo and a dollar amount a recognized entity type greater than $500K. These four sets are solely of continuous feature values. We leverage these signals to reason about the trustworthiness of the matching identities in Pinterest. As in the prior studies  , we label the results visited by users across their long-term search histories using category labels from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org. Rather than attempt to get an unbiased sample  , we randomly sampled 500 URIs from the Open Directory Project dmoz.org. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. By using the annotated hierarchical taxonomy of Web pages such as the one provided by ODP website http://dmoz.org/  , we can build a thematic lexicon. 11 Out of the 1.7M Pinterest identities  , we found that 74 ,549 have been suspended. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. The article contains 24 ,298 words  , received 5 ,834 in-links and provided 92 ,379 out-clicks. To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. The evaluation was structured as follows: Only URLs identified by the " r:resourcE' tag were considered. For continuous datasets  , the only exception that baggingPET outdoes RDT is Ionosphere. Please note that the authors of ANN_SIFT1M provide only the extracted features without any original images of their data. If the NASDAQ Computer Index were further divided into software  , hardware  , services  , etc. We focused on a service called destination finder where users can search for suitable destination based on preferred activities. Taking independent locations from the KITTI dataset and adding varying amounts of noise  , the noisy version is compared to the original location   , plotting the resulting boxplots of the posterior match probabilities. We then show that the Poisson model is a good fit for the Reddit and Hacker News voting data  , even when evaluated on out-ofsample data during cross-validation. They may be static for example  , always show the first 50 words of the document   , or the content of its description metadata  , or a description taken from a directory site such as dmoz.org or query-biased 20. State documents from Illinois  , Alaska  , Arizona  , Montana  , etc. OAIster's reach often goes beyond that of major web search engines. Figure 1 The least common denominator approach to metadata is insufficient to serve these multiple contexts  , and can be an inhibitor to meaningful partnerships. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. But this scheme is computationally intensive: Onm  , where m is the number of users in the database. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . This is because the LETOR data set offers results of linear RankSVM. The standard deviations in all estimates are less than 0.25 %. The LabelMe data set contains high-resolution photos  , in fact most of which are street view photos. For Jester  , which had a high density of available ratings  , the model was a 300-fold compression. Results for the analysis of the 2 ,404 OAIster query strings are given in Tables 4 and 5 below. However among the set of articles with a reasonable amount of attention  , we conclude that popularity is a good indication of relative quality. We provide more evidence of this below. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. This section presents various digital resources of each scanned volume  , selection of input for the metadata generation system  , the method for automatic metadata generation  , and the set of metadata elements generated by the system. Table 1summarizes the statistics of this dataset  , where Words per review represents the text length of a review and Distinct Words per review represents the number of distinct word units that occur in a review. In the reminder of the paper  , we will use HDC for Hotels .com  , TA for TripAdvisor.com and BDC for Booking.com. , prevalence of star structures and discussions almost exclusively about HITs which suggest that workers treat it as a platform for broadcasting good HITs above all else. ESL yet in other cases  , it does not extract any new information from data i.e. For dynamic scenes  , we manually annotated sequences from the KITTI dataset that contained many moving objects. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . In the Table 5  , we present lists of movies in two exemplary interest-groups learnt for the MovieRating dataset. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. We believe that  , for this dataset  , the lazy classifiers have overfitted the data. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. This is why there has been a variety of efforts to extract information from blog articles. Full-life view for users in Reddit. In our work  , a digitized volume corresponds to a collection of objects  , including scanned images of pages  , OCRed text  , manually-generated metadata  , among others. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Xanga. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network  , where everything is about photos and videos. 24 used the deep convolutional neural network to classify the 1.2 million images in the ImageNet LSVRC-2010 contest in 1000 different categories and achieved the inconceivably higher accuracy than the temporal state-of-the-art. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. We then use this model to derive a framework for group recommendation Section 3.2 that  , unlike previous work—which focuses on merging recommendations computed for individual users—uses the principles of information matching in order to compute the probabilities of items' relevance to a group  , while taking the entirety of the group into consideration. In query expansion  , we take a knowledge-based approach  , and use the rich information embedded in UMLS Unified Medical Language System at two different levels. Left: Posting probability for normal and multi-site users in Reddit communities. The user-related and item-related contexts are the same with those used in Douban book data. The UMLS semantic network can be leveraged to focus on a set of concepts relevant to diagnosis. Q5 Last but not least  , which computational and empirical methods are suited to analyzing these questions ? This indicates that our validation algorithm can recognize the true schema attributes with a high accuracy. Note that  , however  , indirection duplicates are not possible with technical reports. We ask what is the probability P repin_catp  , i Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. , those who the user follows. Table 4: Retrieval examples by tags queries on the LabelMe database by the proposed method. One option was to use Sindice for dynamic querying. The OAIster system 16 is another example of a large-scale aggregation system. The official evaluation results of JNLPBA 4 and BioCreative 2004 5 show that the state-of-the-art performances are between 70%-85% varying with different evaluation measures. This is the context of the node with its UMLS concepts attached to each atomic formula. Depending on the user's option  , three possible scenarios can be generated from this pattern. This paper addresses these questions by an empirical analysis that uses a part of a standard blog corpus: the corpus offered by Blogpulse for the Weblogging Ecosystem workshop 2006. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. We systematically analyze Reddit and 21 other platforms cited by Reddit users as alternatives. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. We analyzed two affiliation networks. NPQ is orthogonal to existing approaches for improving the accuracy of LSH  , for example multi-probe LSH 7  , and can be applied alongside these techniques to further improve retrieval performance. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . each query request is associated with one or more clicked Web pages  , forming a " query session "   , which can be defined as follows: Secondly  , in the Douban friend community  , we obtain totally different trends. We represent a document by a vector of categories  , in which each dimension corresponds to the confidence that the document belongs to a category. As a result a list of all publications  , co-authors and co-author's publications from our repository will be created and returned to the user of our prototype. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. MAP is then computed by averaging AP over all queries. This dataset was used in KDDCUP 2000 18. Shown below is a plot of correlations between ratings for all pairs of jokes computed over the ratings posted by these users. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. Thus  , using inter-domain reputation signals allows us to curate more identities and enables us to do it faster. ODP has also provided a search service which returns topics for issued queries. After the scanning and text recognition process  , the metadata generation system generates metadata describing the internal structure of the scanned volume and published articles contained within the volume. Swoogle allows keyword-based search of Semantic Web documents . In this paper  , we construct a dataset from Reddit and present the first large-scale study on the coexistence of highly related communities. To evaluate TagAssist  , we used data provided to use by Technorati  , a leading authority in blog search and aggregation. Figure 1 shows the relation between the number of suggestions in the context city and the fraction of geographically  There is a clear relation between the number of suggestions available in a city and the P@5G score. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. In the first experiment  , we used the Letor benchmark datasets 18: OHSUMED  , TD2003  , and TD2004. If the resource descriptions includes OWL inverse functional properties IFPs from a hardcoded list e.g. Given the finding that social links are not critical for identifying pins  , the most critical activity on Pinterest  , it is puzzling that its social network is counted amongst the fastest growing across all platforms 2 . The scale of these alternatives range in size from a handful of users to hundreds of thousands. We begin by examining the follower and followee statistics of Quora users. Section 3 provides a brief introduction to the UMLS. Reddit is slightly more complex because score is the difference between upvotes and downvotes. All our experiments are conducted on a workstation with 24 Intel Xeon CPU cores and 64 GB RAM. However  , the examples from the Eat category were rated even higher but fail to push Eat suggestions to the top of the ranking. The first query craigslist is stereotypically navigational  , showing a spike at the " correct " answer www.craigslist.org. BioAnnotator identifies and classifies biological terms in scientific text. We also include a color histogram and also use the mean and standard deviation of each color channel as visual features. However  , our unsupervised method not only surpasses the unsupervised methods  , Table 1: MAP scores of unsupervised SCSM and other methods on the Pascal VOC  , Wiki  , Wiki++ and LabelMe datasets  , while CDFE  , GMMFA  , GMLDA  , LCFS and JFSSL are supervised methods. The user narrows down the search to " software industry " 5 which reduces the results to 246. The design of Reddit and Hacker News are quite similar. The UMLS semantic network describes semantic relations such as causes between two semantic types. Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. We use the 5-fold cross validation partitioning from LETOR 10. As well as relationships between concepts the UMLS also contains hierarchical information between Atoms in their original source vocabularies. However  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself  , since the resource title or example triples about the resource are not informative enough. One option is to extract all lexical information from the URI  , labels  , properties and property values of the LOD resources that are retrieved by Sindice search. To avoid tlic weakncsscs of tlic above approaclm. Using the medical key-phrase " fracture "   , from topic 12  , it is clear that UMLS and SNOMED provide the largest number of potential expansions. We examine blog entries indexed by Technorati and compare the similarity of articles that share tags to determine whether articles that have the same tags actually contain similar content. If a phrase that contained a number of UMLS strings was to appear in the report text  , such as " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation  , " it would be tagged in this case as containing five different UMLS concepts: " paroxysmal atrial fibrillation. " Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. We manually validated the 1 ,423 detected conformance errors in the 700 sampled cell arrays. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. Ask.com has a feature to erase the past searches. 848 hotels were matched across all three sites  , 1007 between Booking.com and Hotels.com  , 655 between Booking.com and TripAdvisor.com  , and 10 ,590 between Hotels.com and TripAdvisor.com. We propose to use the UMLS biomedical ontology to define a new kernel that can extract the semantic features of such documents. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. Deep analysis shows that ARI embodies an interesting property for the SRC task as it is well-known that the sizes of the clusters are not distributed equally on the Web. For example r/news 4 is the subreddit for discussing news and current events. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. The unique feature of OAIster is that it provides access to metadata pointing to actual digital resources. The second synonym was obtained from UMLS. Recently  , Popescu et al. We trained all the topic models HTSM  , HTMM  , LDA  , JST and ASUM on the described corpora to compare their generalization performance in modeling text documents on a held-out test set via the perplexity measurement. However  , BSK algorithm either fails to find any overlapping points on 6 datasets Ratio 2 is N/A or finds only few overlapping data points 9 for Ionosphere and 6 for Segment. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. In this paper we focus mainly on the analysis of internet meme data from Quickmeme 1 . For example  , Table 1shows the number of paths of different length identified between the resources representing UMLS classes Biologically Active Substance and Biologic Function in the Semantic Web for different values of threshold. In both cases we used a target dimensionality o f d tar = 10 for the generalized nearest neighbor. To confirm this intuition we randomly sampled another set of URIs from dmoz.org a total of 10  , 000 URIs and parsed their content for the title. Once again  , it is clear that the group recommendation model based on the IMM outperforms the other two methods. illustrate ambiguous computation smells using extracted from the EUSES corpus to detect and repair these smells. Six collections  , relevant to the assignment about television and film personalities  , from various archives were indexed: 1 a television program collection containing 0.5M metadata records; 2 a photo collection with 20K photos of people working at television studio; 3 a wiki dedicated to actors and presenters 20K pages; 4 25K television guides that are scanned and OCRed; 5 scanned and OCRed newspapers between 1900 and 1995 6M articles; and 6 digital newspapers between 1995 and 2010 1M articles. For both regularization matrices  , SpLSML attains higher accuracy than the basic LSML. The KDDCUP 2005 winning solution included two kinds of base classifiers and two ensemble classifiers of them. The LabelMe project 19 also presents a tool to users to help manually assign tags to local regions of the images . The methodology that we adopted sought to align itself to the structure of the CAMRa challenge. Collections. During testing  , each dataset is incrementally traversed  , building a map over time and using the most recent location as a query on the current map  , with the goal of retrieving any previous instances of the query location from the map. Meanwhile  , we collected tags and brief introductions from DouBan in order to evaluate the coverage performance of our system. a5 derives from the observation that because of the rich context of blogs  , captured for example in hyperlinked sources  , important terms may not actually be frequent in the post itself  , such that their being unusual high IDF creates a better indicator of importance 10. We use this as a minimum threshold for our later analyses on social factors on system performance. The evalutation is based on the average values of translational and rotational errors for all possible subsequences of length 100 ,200 ,.. ,800 meters. We would like to improve the search and discovery experience on OAIster by allowing users to restrict search results by subject. OutLinks Acting on the observation that personal blogs often have link to sites of interest to the blogger  , we also obtain the number of outgoing links of a blog using the Technorati Cosmos API. Interestingly  , such reappropriation and curation of content discovered by other users termed as " repins "  is by far the most common activity on Pinterest  , constituting about 90% of user actions  , as compared to directly discovering and pinning new images  , which constitutes only 10% of actions 1 . Most notably  , we have only reported MAP scores for the MoviePilot data. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . Given this  , the set of publications where a is author is represented as Chafkin 2012. We perform experiments on users of Booking.com where an instance of the destination finder is running in order to conduct an online evaluation. The UMLS only includes " ImmunoPrecipitation " and " Immune Precipitation " . User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. These datasets were iris  , diabetes  , ionosphere  , breawst  , bupa  , vehicle  , segment  , and landsat. CM-UMLS run is performed using Formula 2. There are 724 ,672 Pinterest identities with at least one blocked pin  , which includes 43% of all Pinterest identities. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. In other words  , the model was a 10-fold compression of the original data. The corresponding GERBIL result sheet is available on the GERBIL website 4 and can be used to make comparisons to our approach in future evaluations. Various estimates of user growth include numbers such as 150% growth in one month  , and nearly 900% growth in one year 23. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. The first data set is 22K LabelMe used in 22  , 32. Our hypothesis is that performance will improve by expanding queries using synonyms from UMLS. compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. The first evaluation  , based on the LETOR datasets 17  , uses manual relevance assessments as ground-truth labels and synthetic clicks as feedback to BARACO. UMLS provides a hierarchy between concepts through several relations including narrower than  , synonymous to  , and others. The selected EconStor article and its related blog posts show a meaningful relationship. The source tree ST is the only structure that our XPath evaluation and incremental maintenance algorithms require. In contrast  , tourists exhibit a sudden burst in activity on Reddit alternatives and then no further activity there. Note that streams for synthetic data differs from NASDAQ data in terms of the lag and the missing update distributions.  LETOR: For comparison purposes  , a LETOR-like document selection methodology is also employed. Third  , the way that comments are presented on Reddit makes scraping the complete commenting history rather difficult. Despite complaints about content turnover  , users valued Hubski for the quality of its content and discussions Figure 4   , Topics 4 and 5. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. We take entities as keywords and analyse the searching results in the system. The error bars are standard errors of the means. This enriched metadata could then be distributed to meet the needs of access services  , preservation repositories  , and external aggregation services such as OAIster. The proposed method is experimentally validated using the data from an intelligent vehicle platform provided by KITTI 17. In comparison  , Reddit HWTF  , MTurkGrind  , and MTurk- Forum appear to be mostly dedicated to discussions about details of MTurk work. However we cannot directly estimate the probability of receiving a vote versus not receiving a vote  , for both Reddit and Hacker News. First  , do user votes have a large impact on the ranking of answers in Quora ? the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. While the scores may seem low  , studies on Technorati data by Brooks 4 show cosine GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. The MPD and w7 provided a mature collection of definitions   , and the family resemblance of the smaller MPD to the w7 and the w7 to the definitive American English dictionary  , the unabridged Merriam-Webster Third international ~31 provided the ability to find out more about definitions in any of the smaller books by consulting its " big brother " when the need arose. By this method  , an input query is first mapped to an intermediate category  , and then a second mapping is applied to map the query from the intermediate category to the target category. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. The input to our method is a set of queries; each query is associated with Trels Term RELevance Sets  , which consist of two sets of terms: 1 http://dmoz.org  onTopic: contains terms related to the query that are likely to appear in relevant documents. Pinterest is a pinboard-style image sharing social network designed to let users collect and share images and videos in an organized  , categorized way. Although distinct in the nature of the information objects they handle  , such systems have common functional and architectural patterns regarding the collection  , storage  , manipulation  , and provision of information objects. We justify why  , for typical ranking problems  , this approximation is adequate. 07 and the participant's papers for details. We consider integrated queries that our prototype makes possible for the first time. This step stays the same regardless of which features of the UMLS we use for disambiguation. The second source of information is trade-level data for over 8000 publically traded companies on the NYSE  , AMEX and NASDAQ exchanges. The tool that transforms OAIster metadata from Simple Dublin Core to our native DLXS Bibliographic Class was modified so that it could ingest the file from the first step  , and output a transformed metadata record. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. §2 presents related work. He is Vice President of Web Services at BT. The similarity of two terms in the source ontologies is determined by their relationship in UMLS. worked on snippet generation for a semantic search engine Sindice that indexes instance data 2. Figure 1depicts a small portion of the local genre hierarchy. We generate a dataset of URIs by randomly sampling URIs from dmoz.org and assume these pages to be missing. The presence of known SNPs derived by scanning dbSNP within each individual DNA are also noted on this viewer  , thus commonly occurring polymorphisms can be quickly eliminated from further analysis. We evaluate our visual SLAM system using the KITTI dataset 1 and a monocular sequence from a micro-aerial vehicle MAV. PageRank utilizes the link structure of the Web and measures the quality of a page from the page creator's point of view  , while fRank utilizes content-layout and user click-though information and captures the preference of both page authors and search engine users. In our subject metadata enrichment experiments  , we used three of the fifteen Dublin Core elements: Title  , Subject and Description. for City Youngstown  , OH  , we get phrase " Youngstown Ohio travel guide " . Ideally we would like to evaluate our quality estimates against some ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News. When the description field is used  , only terms found in FOLDOC are included in the query. They also highlight that there is plenty of room for collaboration between IR and Semantic Search. Quickmeme is a website mainly used by social bookmarking users to create memes and share them on a social bookmarking website Quickmeme was created by Reddit users to have a platform where to create and share memes on Reddit itself. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. 32 leveraged magnetic honeypot ads to study Nigerian scams on Craigslist. To identify topical category  , we use automatic query classification into the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org hierarchy . We expanded our queries with the help of UMLS Unified Medical Language System meta-thesaurus and SNOMED medical domain knowledge. 2. These rankings reveal whether long-tail Reddit content is accessible on the alternative in its most popular commu- nities. Additionally  , text within the same line usually has the same style. As an example  , let us consider the KDDCUP'99 " intrusion detection " dataset that is widely used in the stream mining literature. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Most of the research work related to the ontology search task concerns the development of SWSE systems 7  , including: Watson 8  , Sindice 28  , Swoogle 11  , OntoSelect 4  , ontokhoj 5 and OntoSearch 32. The index matching service that finds all web pages containing certain keywords is heavy-tailed. As an example  , the popular Semantic Web search engine Sindice 8 is practically unusable for people without a deep understanding of semantic technologies. For evaluation we use the official scorers from Semeval 2015  , which compute the average between F-measures for the positive and negative classes. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. ionosphere  , where the dissimilarity is actually zero. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. Proteind=20  , Ionosphered=34 ,Soybeand=35  , Irisd=4  , Spamd=57  , Diabetesd=8 the user constraints. Sindice is a offers a platform to index  , search and query documents with semantic markup in the web. Through interviews we conducted with scholars  , we learned that while the uncertain quality of OCRed text in archives is seen as a serious obstacle to wider adaption of digital methods in the humanities  , few scholars can quantify the impact of OCR errors on their own research tasks. During the parsing of the XML file  , the system calculates features for every word  , line  , paragraph  , and page of the OCRed text. While our topic modeling approach is statistical  , and can handle some degree of noise  , we found that improved preprocessing of metadata records produced better results. As Pinterest has grown  , there have been a number recent studies e.g. The CIFAR-10 data set contains 60 ,000 tiny images that have been manually grouped into 10 concepts e.g. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. These codes were a fascinating repository of raw linguistic " ore " from which the possibility of additional " finds " could be made. Thus  , even if the primary content contributors of Reddit do not migrate  , this behavior change can help platforms attain a critical level of activity. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. Feature examples include TF  , IDF  , LMIR and BM25 considering  , result title  , abstract  , body  , url and pagerank values. Finally  , as we discuss in Section 4.6  , MTurkForum accounts for a significant amount of the communication that occurs between workers outside of the United States. The community counts its users in hundreds of thousands  , ratings in dozens of millions and movies in tens of thousands. To enable a richer analysis and of different feature sets we employed classifiers to assign topical labels to the clicks using the hierarchy from the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org 5 and the complexity of the queries/results  , based on estimates of their U. S. school grade level on a 1-12 scale 12. In order to get a better precision  , the precise GPS ephemeredes data SP3 have been downloaded from IGS International GNSS service. , by ranking them  , or featuring targets on the Reddit home page. The most frequently occurring tag is " Weblog " with 6 ,695 ,762 occurrences. The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. This team gathered attractions from Wikitravel and created vector representations of all the venues based on their titles and descriptions. The first challenge is to identify a set of initial sources that describe the entity sought for by the user. The phenomenon also appears in Balance-scale and Ionosphere dataset  , the amount of the first class is almost half to the second one  , the ER s of them have the similar results. Section 4 explains the idea behind semantic matching. In addi-tion  , in contrast to the XCRAWL method  , the baseline BN crawler has no built-in capability to identify such target websites effectively. Based on the data gathered  , we developed a new recommendation algorithm that runs in linear time. These include 32 categories of data that occur most prevalently in the EUSES spreadsheet corpus's " database " section 211  , as well as 14 categories of data that we identified by logging what four administrative assistants typed into their web browsers over a 3 week period 10. This comprises articles  , advertisements  , ocial notifications  , and the captions of illustrations see Table 1for details. This context provides the hint that the user may not be interested in the search service provided by www.ask.com but instead be interested in the background information of the company. Intuitively  , this makes sense. As shown in figure 4  , Pinterest users tend to follow others entirely and this behavior is not mediated by gender. 6: Example of a query and two retrieved locations from the KITTI dataset. In this case  , both of the retrieved location graphs share many common edges with the query. By obtaining evidence that our samples are faithful  , we avoid processing large Web crawls  , although even our sampling experiments have fetched almost 16 million pages. To address this challenge  , we classified the Web pages sourced from each context into the topical hierarchy from a popular Web directory  , the Open Directory Project ODP dmoz.org. We collected blogs and profiles of 250K users from Blogger  , 300K users from Live- Journal and 780K users from Xanga. This indicates that SUDS can provide a more accurate representation of a collection than simply ignoring sense given that it is more accurate than frequency only tagging. For CBA  , the example of ionosphere shows a case where a poor choice of thresholds even values that appear reasonable may lead to a dramatically worse result. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. We perform Hamming ranking using the generated binary codes on the CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets. GPU and multi-theading are not utilized except within the ceres solver 28. 9. Unlike traditional social bookmarking  , pinning on Pinterest does not involve creating an explicit vocabulary of tags to describe the image. Thus our hypothesis is that  , outside of the small portion of celebrities who get followers just by their mere presence  , the majority of Quora users attract followers by contributing a large number of high-quality answers. Two versions of queries were presented  , a free-text version for the first inverted index and a UMLS Concept Unique Identifier CUI version for the second UMLS concept index. The CORE system provides this functionality and is optimized for regular metadata harvesting and full-text downloading of large amounts of content. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. In this section  , we compare the efficiency of the pruning strategies discussed in Section 4. However  , current approaches e.g. We let the officers study these smells before our interview. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. Further developers were invited to complete the survey  , which is available at our project website . , FC7. The quality of Reddit article is estimated as: CMC-UMLS  , CMC-MSH1 and CMC-MSH5 runs are performed using Formula 3. The feature extraction step uses OCRed text and the bounding box information to calculate line features for every text line contained within a scanned volume. Table 1 TD2004 have more relevant documents per topic than other LETOR collections  , relevant documents remain relatively sparse. For example in Ask.com search site  , some uncached requests may take over one second but such a query will be answered quickly next time from a result cache. BaggingPET still exhibits advantages on categorical or mixed datasets. There are a total of 37 solutions from 32 teams attending the competition. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. These are provided by a community of travellers and locals and can be used as a source for contextual sugges- tions. It is also the largest online book  , movie and music database and one of the largest online communities in China. All experiments were performed on a 1GHz Pentium III processor with 1GB RAM running Linux kernel 2.4. Note that in practice very often the approaches listed above are used in combination. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. We asked P1  , P2 and P4 about the possibilities of more quantitative tools on top of the current digital archive  , and in all cases the interviewees' response was that no matter what tools were added by the archive  , they were unlikely to trust any quantitative results derived from processing erroneous OCRed text. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. In particular  , and as will be discussed in detail in Section 3  , we use keyword extraction in a subroutine to efficiently find a small subset of diverse keyqueries. In this paper  , we use the data sets from the KDDCUP 2005 competition which is available on the Web 1 . Given an aggregate ranking π  , and relevance levels L  , NDCG is defined as: Simple K-nearest neighbour KNN with K set to 20 and Regression Tree was used to perform point-wise LETOR. A UMLS term was considered to be negated or uncertain if it contained at least one negated or uncertain token  , though in practice  , all the term's tokens usually had the same value for the label in question. Jester provides a simple HTML client that allows any user having a computer with intemet connectivity and a browser supporting frames to access the system. We describe details below. The key concepts are the concepts detected in the keyframes with normalized scores greater than 0.7  , using the Leuven's concept detectors of 1537 ImageNet concepts 17. Each concept in the Metathesaurus contains a set of strings  , which are variants of each other  , and belongs to one or more semantic types in the Semantic Network. Additionally   , the MPD and w7 were the result of an extensive organization effort by a whole series of computational lexicologists who had refined its format to a very easily computed structural description Reichert  , Oiney & Paris 69  , Sherman 74  , Amsler and White 79  , Peterson 82  , Peterson 871 The LDOCE while very new  , offered something relatively rare in dictionaries  , a series of syntactic and semantic codes for the meanings of its words. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we 14 for the BlogPulse dataset  , we replicate the result that the cumulative in-degree and out-degree distributions show smoother curves  , as shown in Figure 3. Using these input queries  , our system search the WoD by utilizing Sindice search API 2 and initial search results from the Sindice search are presented to users with no categorization. In this ontology graph  , nodes are UMLS concepts identified by CUI from MSH and SNOMEDCT US sources  , and edges represent relationships between concepts. All these systems have the aim of collecting and indexing ontologies from the web and providing  , based on keywords or other inputs  , efficient mechanisms to retrieve ontologies and semantic data. OAIster's collection has quadrupled in size in three years ---thus scalability and sustainability are a major focus in our evaluations. For example  , NASDAQ real-time data feeds include 3 ,000 to 6 ,000 messages per second in the pre-market hours 43; Network and application monitoring systems such as Net- Logger can also receive up to a thousand messages per sec- ond 44. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. Firstly  , Technorati's data is over posts  , not authors  , and  , secondly  , Technorati's index contains a noticable amount of non-post data including weblog home pages and some non-weblog content. Gilbert finds that over half of popular image submissions on Reddit are actually reposts of previous submissions. Communities typically have rules that govern the content of posts and comments. We use similar configuration to index the Wikitravel dataset. The category Microsoft has a homonymous page  , categorized under Companies listed on NASDAQ which has the head lemma companies. A query-biased snippet is one selectively extracted on the basis of its relation to the searcher's query. At the time when were crawling Douban web site November 2009  , there were more than 700 groups under the " Movie " subcategory. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. Second  , the reason of the difference between the average M RR of Model-Anchor and Model-Text for the profile 700 is his/her judgment in " Kalamazoo MI " context. In LETOR  , there are a total of 16 ,140 query-document pairs with relevance judgments  , and 25 extracted features. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. Covering these cases enables us to model queries over such data and analyze the effects of executing such queries. These collection are indexed using Lucene SOLR 4.0 and we use BM25 as the retrieval model. We choose a random document  , edit the contents and preview the modified document. Hermes performs keyword-based matching and ranking for schema resources such as classes and object properties. These words were then treated as the article's " autotags . " Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. Craigslist allows users to view and post ads with very simple markup and formatting. The UMLS provides a knowledge server 2 that  , given a term or phrase  , will search the UMLS according to certain criteria  , e.g. JESTER also employs a number of heuristics for the elimination of systematic errors  , introduced by the simulation of an actual parallel corpus as described before. Within UMLS  , a semantic network exists that is composed of semantic types and semantic relationships between types. We evaluate our system on the KITTI dataset 36  , which contains a variety of outdoor sequences  , including a city  , road and campus. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. Each data set is partitioned on queries to perform 5 fold cross-validation. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. It is evident that Moussaoui is talked about more by Blog Spot users than Live Journal or Xanga  , even though it has only a third of Live Journal's authors. Douban is a Chinese Web 2.0 Web site providing user rating   , review and recommendation services for movies  , books and music. During this search  , we used the entity-document ED centric approach because we were interested in finding entity across multiple contexts 4  , 5. the Sindice dump for each entity candidate. Thus  , line features are designed to estimate properties of OCRed text within a line  , which can be calculated based on OCRed text and bounding box information in the DjVu XML file. Figure 8 shows the results on the DOUBAN and LIVE- JOURNAL datasets. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. There are two steps in the automatic metadata generation process: feature extraction and metadata labeling. The sparsity achieved is more pronounced in dataset sonar which has approximately three times more parameters to be fitted and less objects and constraints than ionosphere. For recommender systems which present ranked lists of items to the user  , We computed the average error for Jester 2.0 algorithm across the It is difficult to compare its algorithm against existing ones due to the lack a standard performance metrics and the inherent difference in the nature of the data sets used for experimental analysis of different algorithms. These recommendations were caused by links that did not belong to the actual article text  , e.g. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. The images are 32 × 32 pixels and we represent them with 512-D GIST descriptors. This paper reports on large-scale experiments with four different approaches to rank travel destination recommendations at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. Similarly  , a digital document may exist in different media types  , such as plain text  , HTML  , I&TEX  , DVI  , postscript  , scanned-image  , OCRed text  , or certain PC-a.pplication format. For all the SVM models in the experiment  , we employ the linear SVM. If  , for instance  , an important website is not listed in a directory such as dmoz.org  , it will not be considered by the BN-based crawler. The datasets are available from the Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection SNAP  , http: //snap.stanford.edu. Then the lnterm frequencies values of both of the two Chinese datasets are plotted. While this makes it easier for scholars to use the archive  , it also denies them the possibility to investigate potential tool-induced bias. The main assumption of such crawlers is that pages of one relevant website will include links to other websites from the same domain or that directories such as dmoz.org exist that contain links to other target websites. This turned out to be an artifact of OCRed metadata. Using Neo4j  , a graph building API for Java  , we constructed a graph of UMLS  , where the nodes were concepts and the edges were relationships from the UMLS related terms table. Of the 50 examples  , 10 are assigned to the Buy category column 4 in Table 1  , 12 to Do  , 7 to Drink  , 9 to Eat and 12 to See. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. First  , we will detail our online evaluation approach and used evaluation measures. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. We split the data into training and test sets with approximately 9000 users in each. , latent factor vector dimensionality and the number of iterations for matrix factorization based models. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . For our experiments we work with three public data sets: TD2004 and MQ2007 from LETOR data sets 24 and the recently published MSLR-WEB10K data set from Microsoft Research 1. The system detects various types of structural information  , including sentence boundaries  , filler words  , and disfluencies  , within speech transcripts using lexical  , prosodic  , and syntactic features. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. which is a global quantity but measured locally. Reddit has since grown to receiving over 160 million unique views every month  , making it among the most-visited websites 1 . tagging are not necessarily the ones appearing on pages that are most searched for. Among 22 sequences  , 11 sequences are provided with ground truth data. In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. In this paper we use the topic model for subject metadata enrichment of the OAIster collection. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. To ensure the practicability and convenience of the GER- BIL framework  , we investigated the effort needed to use GERBIL for the evaluation of novel annotators. All presented NDCG  , Precision and MAP results are averaged across the test queries and were obtained using the evaluation script available on the LETOR website. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. This is performed via textual or URI search on the Sindice index and yields a set of of source URLs that are added to the input source URL set. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. All classes of UMLS concepts recognized by MetaMap were used. Our matcher UMLSKSearch uses the Metathesaurus in the Unified Medical Language System UMLS  , http://www.nlm.nih.gov/research/umls/ . Sources are then fetched in parallel in a process mediated by multiple cache levels  , e.g. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. With further customization  , the user can enable three possible methods for refreshing data from Nasdaq. The decision of whether or not to harvest from aggregator repositories is made more complex because these aggregators contain records that are not currently available through OAI channels  , and they do not always contain all the records of a particular original repository. Second  , posting is not affected by a confounding factor that commenting is subject to: Reddit influences commenting by how it presents potential targets for comments e.g. Previously we only used the UMLS Concept hierarchy for disambiguation. Since we lack the ability to evaluate against ground truth data from Reddit or Hacker News  , we evaluate this model on data from the MusicLab experiment. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. Voat has more people to talk to. " Patient summaries were mapped to UMLS codes using MetaMap. Entries in FOLDOC contain a natural language description of the terms being defined and may also include hyperlinks to other entries in the dictionary. We crawled all the users in these groups  , and used these users as seeds to further crawl their social networks with their movie ratings. Users can create connections to other users on Pinterest in two ways. The final processing step computes a number of performance metrics for the generated dataset. We manually grouped the 66 unvalidated text fields into 42 categories   , such as person  , organization  , and education level. We compare the similarity of articles that share tags to clusters of randomly-selected articles and also to clusters of articles that share most-relevant keywords  , as determined using TFIDF. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. In this paper  , we describe an experiment using 300 randomly sampled websites from dmoz.org. Also we adopted relative representation for the environment map to achieve instant loop closure and poseonly optimization for efficient global structure adjustment. The distribution is somewhat different over the 50 examples than over the Wikitravel suggestions. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. To evaluate expressiveness  , we have used the TDE to implement and use topes for dozens of kinds of data. From the source tree we can see that both fragments F2 and F3 are stored in the same site S2  , the nasdaq site. , AskReddit and AskEmpeopled. What role do the " related questions " feature play ? This is a highly counterintuitive outcome. We preprocessed the OAIster collection to produce the bag-of-words representation as follows: Starting with the 668 repositories in the 9/2/2006 harvest  , we excluded 163 primarily non-English repositories  , and 117 small repositories containing fewer than 500 records  , leaving 388 repositories. Figure 3: 1 LSH PR curve for 22k Labelme 2 LSH AUPRC on 22k Labelme 3 LSH PR curve for CIFAR-10 4 LSH AUPRC for CIFAR-10 5 LSH PR curve for 100k TinyImages 6 LSH AUPRC for 100k TinyImages ment of quantisation thresholds. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. 1 full-facc modcl is dovcloped to de . Actually  , the results of Ranking SVM are already provided in LETOR. Users on Pinterest can copy images pinned by other users  , and " repin " onto their own pinboards. Dmoz: A cut was taken across the Dmoz http://dmoz.org/ topic tree yielding 482 topics covering most areas of Web content. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. We assume that a vast majority of the random Pinterest identities are indeed trustworthy  , and hence  , we do not consider all identities that posted a single blocked pin to be untrustworthy. The judges were asked to read each post and then check the boxes next to tags they thought were appropriate for the post. For our experiments  , we derive our local genre hierarchy based on the taxonomy of music genres developed by Allmusic 1 . We would like to thank Scott Hudson  , James Fogarty  , Elsabeth Golden  , Santosh Mathan  , and Karen Tang for helping with the experiment design and execution  , and we also thank the study participants for their efforts. SemRep identifies relationships between UMLS concepts in text within the sentences. The semantic types in UMLS are based on categories such as organisms and chemicals. However  , any publishsubscribe system implementing the optimal centralized algorithm in XPath query processing 18 would require a single depth-first traversal of the document tree visiting  , in our example  , twice the nasdaq server. Topic: We utilize the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org  , a human-generated hierarchical taxonomy of Websites  , as our topical ontology. To do so  , we test against three publicly available image datasets: 22k Labelme consisting of 22 ,019 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors 8; CIFAR-10 a dataset of 60 ,000 images represented as 512 dimensional Gist descriptors ; and 100k TinyImages a collection consisting of 100 ,000 images  , represented by 384 dimensional Gist descriptors  , randomly sub-sampled from the original 80 million tiny images dataset. This hierarchy is pre-generated using the open directory project dmoz http://dmoz.org to classify various web pages. UMLS contains over 100 semantic classes of concepts such as the anatomy  , physiology  , disorder  , and many more. For task T4 not in the table  , the use of OCRed texts in other tools  , our findings are also mainly negative. Both hedge and LETOR-like document selection methodology   , by design  , select as many relevant documents as possible . The Swedish subword dictionary for MSI was generated by the automatic morpho-syntactic transformation of the Swedish UMLS entries. Further comparisons of these three methods are discussed in 14. If suggestions from outside the context cities are geographically irrelevant  , we should focus on finding other sources for suggestions in those cities where few are provided on Wikitravel. To provide a benchmark for the performance of our automated WSD system we used it to disambiguate the Brown2 part of Semcor. In order to empirically estimate the magic barrier  , a user study on the real-life commercial movie recommendation community moviepilot 4 was performed. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. To enable this comparison  , we selected 30K Pinterest users uniformly at random from our original sample of 2 million Pinterest users. GER- BIL will regularly check whether new corpora are available and publish them for benchmarking after a manual quality assurance cycle which ensures their usability for the implemented configuration options. Detailed results are also provided 1112 . In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. First  , posting is important for site designers to encourage since the site will presumably die without fresh conversationstarters . To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. This suggests that workers may be using Reddit HWTF in a di↵erent way than the other forums. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Moreover   , partial results are not considered within the evaluation. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. The precision of manual annotation may be well guaranteed  , but it has some difficulties in the practical applications since we are facing Web-scale images and Web-scale concepts. This makes it possible to study migration patterns using users' histories of activity. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. In ranked lists  , users cannot understand " what the resource is about " without opening and investigating the LOD resource itself. Figure 5 shows the comparisons with four datasets ESL  , glass  , vehicle   , ionosphere. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. Section 5 describes how the UMLS can be applied to semantic matching. Tllis idea is good but it nccds cspcnsivc computation and Iriglil-dcpcnds on tlic accurncJ-of the pose estimation. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. For the first two studies  , we recruited participants using Craigslist. 33  proposed an expertise modeling algorithm for Pinterest. Comparing the Technorati language breakdown with our author data is not straightforward. The algorithm was originally developed for feature extraction in object recognition benchmarks using small RGB or grayscale images 32× 32 px for CIFAR 1  , 96 × 96 px for NORB 2. Finally  , we evaluate the proposed method on LETOR 3.0 benchmark collections1. Multi-word UMLS query concepts were broken down into sequential bigrams. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. In addition to the web and other blogs  , blog users typically interact on other electronic networks  , such as Instant Messenger IM and email. This functionality is only possible if we have reliable  , consistent and appropriate subject metadata for each of the ten million records in OAIster. Like most social content aggregators   , Reddit contains many topical communities that exist in parallel  , called subreddits. P2 explicitly stated that while he did publish results based on quantitative methods in the past  , he would not use the same methods again due to the potential of technology-induced bias. This was an encouraging result; it suggests that human credibility judgments are correlated with features in addition to inlink counts. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. To include further metadata  , annotator and corpus dimension properties link DataID 2 descriptions of the individual components. Without existing benchmark dataset  , we used Review Spider to collect reviews from a Chinese website DouBan to form our experiment dataset. For each scanned volume  , the metadata generation system takes the DjVu XML file as input and parses the hierarchy of objects contained within the file. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. There is ample research into how to reduce the error rates of OCRed text in a post-processing phase. Furthermore  , we were not able to find a running webservice or source code for this approach. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. For the Jester dataset with 100 items  , 9000 users and k = 14  , time to construct the factor analysis model was 8 minutes. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. The observed Reddit data allows us to directly estimate the probability that an article will receive an upvote conditioned on it receiving a vote by taking the ratio of upvotes to total votes. For all runs  , FOLDOC was used in the query analysis process for query expansion. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. Our approach can be plugged on top of any LOD search engine currently using Sindice search API. We also used private messaging PM features on Reddit and Voat to solicit participation from randomly-selected users. As Quora and its repository of data continues to grow in size and mature  , our results suggest that these unique features will help Quora users continue find valuable and relevant content. iii Ground truth information about untrustworthy identities in Pinterest   , which enables us to evaluate how well we can reason about trustworthiness of identities in the target domain. To do this automatically we use the content-based classifier described and evaluated in 1. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. Let M * be the ground truth entity annotations associated with a given set of mentions X. For example  , for query {raven symone gives birth} it answers " Raven-Symoné is not and has never been pregnant according to reports "   , which shows it knows what has not happened besides what has. Answers and Quora. We compare our proposed NDCG-Annealing algorithm with those baselines provided in LETOR 3.0. We compare the timings and accuracy achieved by our voxel-labelling approach against two baselines   , Ladick´yLadick´y et al. We extracted site-internal links from all the States  , Regions  , Cities  , Districts and Burroughs sections. The first author is also supported under a National Defense Science and Engineering Graduate Fellowship. For example  , most of the 10 news sites  , which are used for the current GeoTopics  , have sidebars and footers in their articles  , which cause falsematching problems e.g. Logged-in users of each site can upvote or downvote each article  , and these votes are used to rank articles. Medical domain knowledge is developed by several different ontologies including Unified Medical Language System UMLS. However  , they suggested that the result was less thanexpected  , and they went on with the submission only with the other methods by excluding UMLS expansion. We focus on location disambiguation problem across these three websites. This is because supervised methods rely on semantic labels to reduce the semantic gap of different modalities  , but unsupervised methods only use pair-wised information. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. In this paper we evaluate the retrieval performance of four methods to discover missing web pages. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. Currently  , only very few web-based tools use tables for representing Linked Data. We filter the non-medical terms by consulting a medical term database  , the Unified Medical Language System UMLS 7 . All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. We plot the evolution on the percentage of intrusions using " averaged shifted histogram ASH " in Figure  1. The reported results of our approach and competitive systems are based on this platform and serve as comparable results for future systems. We first describe the process of curating identities on Pinterest. Topic labels were taken from the 219 topics from the top two levels of the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , and included topics such as " Health/Medicine " and " Recreation/Sports " . Park et al. We begin by giving an overview of related work. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. This paper investigates strategies to recommended travel destinations for users who provided a list of preferred activities at Booking.com  , a major online travel agent. The ODP metadata being used was downloaded from dmoz.org in September 2004  , and contains 0.6 million categories and 4.4 million leaf nodes. Since a lot of features of LETOR we cannot get  , we droped those columns and then trained the ranking model. Furthermore  , the program prioritizes mutations based on their potential functional significance synonymous vs. non-synonymous substitutions as well as frequency. If no results were returned by the engine  , no label was assigned. Web directories such as the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org provide user-compiled taxonomies of Web sites. UMLS concepts which can consist of more than two terms were extracted from the query using the MetaMap tool 1 . For EM algorithm  , Ratio 2 is larger than Ratio 1 in most cases  , but Ratio 3 is usually very small  , which indicates that additive mixture model tends to give few overlapping points. Given the minimum coverage ρ  , the number of qualified sample subsets and their sizes are listed in Table 5. UMLS assigns to each string an internal identifier Concept Unique Identifier  , or CUI. Publish-subscribe systems are more in-line with moving the processing to the data. If yes  , which one of these methods is better for this purpose ? " All experimental results are averaged over 10 independent rounds of random training / validation / query partitions. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. The results are the worst for Gene data source  , because the classifier has poor performance  , as we had shown earlier in Table II. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . Examples of Web of Data search engines 7 and lookup indexes are Falcons  , Sindice  , Swoogle and Watson. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. The UMLS Metathesaurus is used as the knowledge-base  , and we represent UMLS as a graph. , 2010. The KITTI dataset is very challenging since it contains many moving objects such as cars  , pedestrians and bikes  , and numerous changes in lighting conditions. Confirmed evidence of the reasons behind the bimodal distribution would make possible to propose better retrieval approaches that are able to enhance the performance of the queries for which the current approaches fail to provide satisfactory results. They proposed several features based on users contributions and graph influence. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. F 1 would likely be higher if programmers were in the habit of validating more fields. In Jester  , users rate a core set of jokes  , and then receive recommendations about others that they should like. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. Douban.com provide a community service  , which is called " Douban Group " . First  , we utilize the synonym relationships UMLS identifies. We evaluated the performances of SST by adopting a n-fold cross validation strategy on the SemCor corpus exploited for training. Figure 4aalso shows the highest posterior match probability achieved by a false loop-closure from the same dataset with grey the query location common edges: 4390  , unweighted prob: 0.91  , weighted prob: 0.9 a true match to the query location common edges: 3451  , unweighted prob: 0.83  , weighted prob: 0.66 a false match to the query location Fig. As a result  , an author's profile is enriched with additional information found in the cluster. Each of these increases are found to be statistically significant using a Wilcoxon signed rank test p-value < 0.01. Jester 2.0 went online on 1 " March 1999. in the UMLS is related to another concept in the UMLS hierarchy via Broader Than RB  , Narrower Than RN  , Parent PAR  , Child CHD and Sibling SIB relationships  , this information being contained within the MRREL table of the UMLS. Kubler  , Felix "   , in EconStor. We compute the probability of Pinterest identities to misbehave in the future in two ways: first  , we only use intra-domain reputation signals  , and then we use both intra-domain and inter-domain reputation signals. MAP 29.3% Recall 65.9% Ave Prec at 0.1 recall 61.7% Prec at 10 docs 49.6% Multiple LETOR methods have been tried  , which are different in many ways and we expect them to be complimentary during the final fusion. We first discuss our baseline  , which is the current production system of the destination finder at Booking.com. We evaluate our method on two standard large image datasets with semantic labels: CIFAR-10 11  and NUS- WIDE 3. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. We employ five different document selection methodologies that are well studied in the context of evaluation  , along with the method used in LETOR for comparison purposes. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. Search engines typically record the search strings entered by users and some search sites even make the history of past searches available to the user. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. Table 1shows the statistics of the datasets included in the LETOR 3.0 benchmark. Because the time between two pins may be widely different across users  , we measure user age in terms of repin steps  , the number of re-pins made since joining Pinterest. Note that existing crawlers have no dedicated means of locating websites on which their targets are published. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " The errors of VISO2-S stereo and VISO2- M monocular 31 provide a comparative performance. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. In this work we present results using different features of the UMLS for hierarchical disambiguation with our structural filtering implementation which differs from the original SMatch approach. Existing systems operate on data collections of varying size. Our general approach is to identify terms in a topic  , where is term is understood to be a multi-word expression that is relevant in the domain under consideration. Among participants who responded to the survey on Hubski 17  , 47% indicated that loss of interest in the content on Reddit was a leading reason for their declining use of Reddit. It is interesting to note that this information was not taken from the UMLS table 1 but that this relationship was inferred. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Among the dissimilarities  , the following are noteworthy: a Information services/goods and network services have many more parameters other than just price and quantity  , which describe the products and services. Our study focuses on gender-based analysis of user behavior and our contributions are the following:  We develop a distributed crawler to collect a large dataset from Pinterest. Second  , we with real-life spreadsheets the Institute of Software  , Chinese Academy of Sciences evaluation report in the EUSES corpus suffer which cover 21.6 putation smells reveal weakness and sheets. This was a fine grained evaluation where  , unless our WSD system assigned the exact associated gold standard tag contained in Brown2 to a word instance  , it was marked as wrong. In particular  , the culprit was single-digit OCR errors in the scanned article year. MTurkGrind appears to be something in between a social community and a broadcasting platform  , which may be related to the fact that 51.3% of all connected workers who use MTurkGrind also reported using Reddit HWTF. Sindice 1  , Watson 2  adopt keyword-based search and ranked result lists presentation of traditional Information Retrieval IR  , which is not very efficient for large volumes of data 3 . The next step was to find the smallest subgraph of the UMLS network that contained all of the query terms. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. In addition  , the training data must be found online because   , in general  , labeled training data for query classification are very difficult to obtain. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. Dataset. for the articles " AllMusic "   , an online music database  , and " Billboard magazine " are notable: Even though both articles are music-related  , they lack a direct connection to Elvis Presley. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. Swoogle 8  , Sindice 23 and Watson 7  among the most successful. Medical terms are disambiguated using MetaMap  , which results in finding unique concepts in the UMLS semantic ressources. As shown in 16  , 32  , 37  , finding a small sample set of URIs that represent the Internet is not trivial. As an example  , a search performed in OAIster for " double-well Duffing oscillator " retrieves two records  , exactly the same  , but one was harvested from the arXiv.org Eprint Archive repository an original repository and one harvested from the CiteBase repository an aggregator. in two different ways. Our experiments are based on ten-fold cross-validation. First  , we observe that the degree distributions are greatly affected by the existence of splogs. Pinterest is a photo sharing website that allows users to store and categorise images. Second  , we mapped the concepts to their SNOMED-CT equivalents using the UMLS Meta-thesaurus. This has been used extensively in previous work on personalization to model search interests at a level beyond queries and documents 524 . , ignore the pros/cons segmentation in NewEgg reviews . Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. , airplane  , bird  , cat  , deer. We tried treating 'partially relevant' as 'irrelevant'  , it did not work well for SVM map . We have described an experimental method in which learnt uncertainty information can be used to guide design choices to avoid overfitting  , and have run a series of experiments on the benchmark LETOR OHSUMED data set for both types of model. As seen in Figure 2   , a spike in activity appears on several alternatives directly after the events of June 10th and July 2nd  , 2015. The dictionary we are using in our research  , the Longman Dictionary of Contemporary English LDOCE Proctor 781  , has the following information associated with its senses: part of speech  , subcategorizationl   , morphology  , semantic restrictions   , and subject classification. The datasets provided in the LETOR There are 106 queries in the OSHUMED dataset. For the implementation we use EconStor and an RDF dump file of Econstor. One area where none of the standards provided duced above was far from trivial. While this method has some advantages  , it still doesn't yield ground truth quality data for Reddit or Hacker News because the recruited population is unlikely to match the relevant population of users on Hacker News or Reddit. Noisy locations are created by corrupting a certain percentage of the words associated to the location's landmarks  , randomly swapping them with another word from the dictionary. These long requests are often kept running because the number of such requests is small  , and derived results can be cached for future use. For meta search aggregation problem we use the LETOR 14  benchmark datasets. These conclusions can be helpful to improve the performance of Semantic Search engine implementations based on Lucene  , such as Sindice  , Watson  , Falcons or SEMPLORE. on dmoz.org most of them focus on the generation of references to include in own publications. The best results in Table 2are highlighted in bold. Both PGDS and KρDS can finish searching the Voting data in 1 second . Queries are automatically expanded before search. We use this signal to identify suspended identities on Pinterest. We tection to a constraint satisfaction problem. The first data set  , the Executive Corporation Network ECN  , contains information about executives of companies that are traded on the NASDAQ and the NYSE. For each tags query second column  , the top several retrieved images are shown in the fourth column. The recommendation engine in Jester 1.0 retrieved jokes using nearest neighbor search. At the time of writing  , the CORE harvesting system has been tested on 142 Open Access repositories from the UK. Our methods were tested on the KITTI odometry dataset 31 from No.00 to 10 that are publicly available with the reference pose data. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. As a result  , the NDCG-Annealing algorithm is more stable and pronounced compared to the baselines in LETOR 3.0 dataset. concludes this paper. We also observe that with the exception of dbSNP  , the precision is 1 for all data sources. It thus took about 1.7 seconds to analyze one spreadsheet on average. OAIster can be found online at http://www.oaister.org/  , with over a million records available from over 140 institutions. These data sets were chosen because they are publicly available  , include several baseline results  , and provide evaluation tools to ensure accurate comparison between methods. Semantic search engines  , such as Sindice 14 and Swoogle 5  , or index sites for the Semantic Web 4 are good starting points to search for existing vocabularies. Second  , do super users get more votes  , and do these votes mainly come from their followers ? Thus  , we find English  , Chinese and Russian languages to be strongly represented as the location segmentation implies. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. Thus  , we aimed at augmenting folksonomy-style tagging by more standard ways of assigning metadata. We also considered multiple variations of including UMLS concept information at paragraph or sentence level and experimented with different thresholds to filter UMLS concepts based on their MetaMap scores. MetaMap is used to both relate biomedical text to the UMLS Metathesaurus and to flag Metathesaurus concepts that are present within biomedical texts. We constructed 20 training topics from BlogPulse http://www.blogpulse.com/ and Technorati search http://www.technorati.com/ archives and manually evaluated the search results of the training topics to generate the training data set of 700 blogs. Youngstown travel guide -Wikitravel " . Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We randomly sample a subset of CIFAR-10 with 5000 points for evaluation. On the other hand  , Model-Text provides the wikitravel page of the " Nashville " city in the state of Tennessee as the 1st suggestion in the ranking. We use the pages chosen by the Open Database Project ODP -see http://dmoz.org. Exactly how existing systems extract keywords from RDF data is largely undocumented. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. The output of this technique RunA is compared with using KNN instead of the Softmax algorithm RunB. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. The LSI-based method was used only to expand summary terms that can't be matched to UMLS concepts. To begin  , we randomly selected 250 of the top 1000 tags from Technorati. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. , OCLC-OAIster  , 1 BASE  , 2 DAREnet-NARCIS 3   , and lately experimental data  , collected from OAI-PMH data sources; or in projects such as SAPIR 4   , where an advanced system was built to automatically extract indexing features from images and videos collected from web sources. Images added on Pinterest are termed pins and can be created in two ways. Descriptions from positive examples in the user profiles are used as queries to rank suggestions. We then combine page features and line features for volume level and issue level metadata generation. 3.3. Finding a representative sample of websites is not trivial 14. We choose the DjVu XML 2 file as the main input of the metadata generation system for several reasons:  The DjVu XML file contains full OCRed text. On the contrary  , the images in TinyImage data set have low-resolution. Finally we expand upon the study of reposting behavior on Reddit Gilbert 2013 and show that reposters actually helps Reddit aggregate content that is popular on the rest of the web. Experiments on the KDDCUP 2005 data set show that the bridging classifier approach is promising. We list them here to explain our study design. To evaluate DoSeR as well as the competitive disambiguation systems we use the GERBIL -General Entity Annotator Benchmark 23  which offers an easy-touse platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets. In total  , there are 44 features. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Figure 2shows the accuracy and sparsity achieved by our sparsity extension SpLSML on sonar and ionosphere compared with the basic LSML algorithm. A study of these other communities would enhance the generalizability of our findings. After excluding splogs from the BlogPulse data  , we For the two datasets of higher dimensionality  , SpLSML can achieve noticeable gain by suppressing relatively unimportant entries in M . The sensor model associated with these noise sources does not lead to a simple low-pass characteristic for the state estimator. For each context trail extracted from the logs  , we created a user interest model for   , the interaction context   , and the other contextual variants collection  , historic  , task  , and social. To allow semantic search engines to efficiently and effectively process the dataset it is advisable to use proper announcement mechanisms such as the semantic crawler sitemap extension protocol 8. GO is a controlled vocabulary developed for describing functions of gene products in order to facilitate uniform queries across different model organism databases  , such as FlyBase  , Saccharomyces Genome Database SGD  , and the Mouse Genome Informatics MGI Database. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. In this paper  , all the experiments use only the 800 queries  , except in the ensemble classifiers  , where we use the 111 sample queries to tune the weight of each single classifier. We tested topes using the 720 spreadsheets in the EUSES Spreadsheet Corpus's " database " section  , which contains a high concentration of string data 10. Status We measure status in three ways. Several systems have implemented text-based search over Semantic Web data: Swoogle 8  , SemSearch 14  , Falcons 5  , Semplore 22  , SWSE 10  , Hermes 18  , Sindice/Sigma 19 . Strain sorting helps to bring these branches together in the enumeration tree so that effective pruning can be achieved. Using a tf-idf measure  , we extracted the top 30 keywords for each example website  , that could serve as queries. Then  , we selected any token as indexing term if it exist in UMLS. Personal profiles on Pinterest include a profile image  , a brief self-description  , and lists of the user's boards  , pins  , likes  , followers  , and friends i.e. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. The WWW is an excellent means to gather data: Jester 1.0 was publicly announced on 02/12/98 and had 7136 users by 25/l 2/98. The runtime performance on the Jester data is similar to that of the synthetic data for both algorithms. To evaluate the performance of our algorithm  , experiments were performed using a set of classified Web pages extracted from the Open Directory Project ODP http://dmoz.org/. Rather than requiring the manual provision of a set of start sites  , XCRAWL re-uses existing information which can for instance be retrieved from public search engines or from manually engineered directories like dmoz.org. In terms of the mapping between page index  , the index of a scanned page in the viewable PDF file  , and page number  , the number printed on the original volume  , the program recognizes available page numbers on scanned pages by analyzing the OCRed text in particular areas of pages. Data sets. This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. This section describes a preliminary evaluation of the system and its approach. Our proposed pairwise similarity features are list in Table 2  , and categorized into three types: query-based  , URLbased and session-based similarities. All of them are continuous datasets  , and Ionosphere is again the sole exception. but outperforms several supervised methods  , achieving the state-of-the-art performance. We apply conjunctive constraints on document image components to a straightforward document ranking based on total query-word frequency in the OCRed document text; in Fig- ure 2we show document images retrieved for two such queries. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. The Unified Medical Language System UMLS is a resource for coordinating health and medical vocabularies . However  , many the expansions provided by UMLS consist of phrasal expressions e.g. " Devaluating or ignoring these links in future studies should improve the performance of the link-based similarity measures. Training Label Set Y0. The results of the state-ofthe-art algorithms are provided in the LETOR 3.0. Figure 1shows how these relate to each other via a UML diagram. We evaluate LOADED 1 using the following real data sets 2 : a The KDDCup 1999 network intrusion detection data set with labels indicating attack type 32 continuous and 9 categorical 1 For all experiments unless otherwise noted  , we run LOADED with the following parameter settings: Frequen cyThreshold=10  , CorrelationThreshold=0.3  , AE Score=10  , ScoreWindowSize=40. 1. 2 Douban 5 book data 16  , which records 1 ,097 ,148 ratings from 33 ,523 users on 381 ,767 books. We use rule-based approach for title detection using page and line features calculated from OCRed text  , bounding box information  , and context analysis. The querying is based on searching the normalized string index and normalized word index provided by the UMLS Knowledge Source Server. He became Principal Engineer for Technorati after working for both Apple and the BBC. One of Quora's core features is the ability to locate questions " related " to a given question. No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. The authors used 350 popular tags from Technorati and 250 of the most recent articles of the collected tags. Figure 1 contains a list of the top 250 tags used by blog writers to annotate their own entries  , collected from Technorati on October 6  , 2005. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Web pages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. , foaf:mbox and foaf:homepage  , then a Sindice index search for other resources having the same IFP value is performed. Given a query image  , the images sharing at least one common concept with the query image are regarded as the relevant ones. For both CIFAR-10 and NUS-WIDE datasets  , we randomly sample 1 ,000 points as query set  , 1 ,000 points as validation set  , and all the remaining points as training set. The training features are the ones used in LETOR benchmark 2 and are described in 2. For this context  , the Model- Anchor retrieves the disambiguation page of the wikitravel for Clarksville cities. Following LETOR convention  , each dataset is divided into 5 folds with a 3:1:1 ratio for training  , validation  , and test set. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. One of the data sets contains 111 sample queries together with the category information. In this instance  , the computer sector has been outperformed by one of its members Apple by a large margin. The crawled and concatenated text of each of the 5 Wikitravel categories served as document representations  , which we indexed using Indri. One possible explanation for this discrepancy is the nature of the flow of users from Reddit to Voat. As another result  , Douban.com can also help one to find other users with similar tastes and interests  , so they can get connected and communicate with each other. We represented interest models as a distribution across categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org topical hierarchy as in 45. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. , a list of {word-id  , record-id  , count} triples. However  , the absolute number indicates that semantic representations are not yet common in today'line in Figure 2cloud. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. 2013; Gong  , Lim  , and Zhu 2015 . Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 .  offTopic: contains terms related to the query but unlikely to occur within relevant documents. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Our view is that we will eliminate whatever senses we can  , but those which we cannot distinguish or for which we have no preference  will be considered as falling into a word sense equivalence class. Sig.ma20 is an entity search tool that uses Sindice11 to extract all related facts for a given entity. At the final stage  , we perform search in the link open data LOD collection  , i.e. We compare global accuracy and intersection/union on both a static and b moving scenes. ODP is an open Web directory maintained by a community of volunteer editors. Table 11shows the accuracy of FACTO. IDF was calculated on the corpus of all 429 ,183 blog posts from the 4th July that were contained in the original Blogpulse corpus. Table 3shows the performance of our model compared to the top four models in the SemEval 2015 competition note that only the F1-score is reported by SemEval for this task and ParagraphVec. We take migration to be a substantial shift in activity  , wherein the user's smoothed activity is higher on alternatives than on Reddit for at least two weeks. We first fix the iteration number to 10  , and show MAE and RMSE with varying dimensionality of latent factor vector see Fig.2SoReg is slightly better than RPMF indicates that carefully processed social network information contributes more to a recommendation model at least on the Douban dataset. Moreover  , it incorporates UMLS-based semantic similarity measures for a smooth similarity computation. In the bottom half of Table 2we show rating statistics per Wikitravel category  , based on the estimated category per example. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. Note that not all questions remain on the site  , as Quora actively deletes spam and redundant questions 5. Figure5f illustrates that the percentage of users that share any IM contact decreases with age. Two datasets are used in our experiments to measure performance: a sample of 12 ,000 web pages from ODP and a sample of 2 ,000 web pages from the Stanford WebBase collection 9. Technorati. We consider the difference between the baseline and the newly proposed method significant when the G-test pvalue is larger than90%. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. These datasets already have pre-defined class labels  , which were supplied to COALA and CIB as the existing clustering C to generate an alternative clustering S. Figure 5 clearly shows that COALA outperforms its rivals in all cases in terms of the overall DQ-Measure. We crawled 1 ,546 ,441 Webpages from ODP which spanned over 172 ,565 categories. Jester then generates the list ofjokes to be recommended to the user and presents them to the user in the aforementioned fashion. Among the blog document set 100 ,649 feeds 38GB  , 2.8 million permalinks 75GB  , and 325 ,000 homepages 20GB  , only the permalinks were used in our experiment. This means that most of the friends on Douban actually know each other offline. In this paper  , we have developed a semi-automatic scheme for concept ontology construction. Right: Posting probability to alternative communities  , classed based on the rank of the analogous community on Reddit. Further the UMLS CUIs provided a significant mapping resource. A set of labels in the ensemble decision are then substituted based on a local genre hierarchy  , represented as a taxonomy. In LETOR 3.0 package  , each dataset is partitioned into five for five-fold cross validation and each fold includes training   , testing and validation sets. The run-time performance analysis of the system is shown in Fig. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Large Linked Datasets. If the resource descriptions include any owl:sameAs links  , then the target URIs are considered. Although different results are obtained for SEMEVAL and ODP- 239  , steady results are obtained for WEBSRC401 by the Dual C- Means configured with the S T S word-word similarity metric. Some of the rules defined for R UMLS are as follows: The anonymous survey was approved by our ethics review board. The existing intermediate taxonomy used in the paper is from Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org/. Hence  , making requests extra polite might not help while framing questions in such scenarios. However  , there is little tool support for maintaining open  , webaccessible bibliographies to collect relevant publications in dynamic areas  , e.g. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. To focus our evaluation on string data  , we only extracted columns that contained at least 20 string cells i.e. The key characteristics of our automatic runs are described below:  IBM06QO: This run used only the title field of the topic. This is most common on Xanga which has the youngest users. Activity subsides after the first week but for migrants activity on alternatives remains above that on Reddit. We assigned URLs in our dataset to categories in the Open Directory Project ODP  , dmoz.org in an automated manner using a content-based classifier  , described and evaluated in 4 . The upper screenshot shows the initial response page list of starting points; the other three show sample content from each of the top three starting points. ICWSM'2007 Boulder  , Colorado  , USA No one on Xanga mentioned Al-Qaeda. Letor OHSUMED dataset consists of articles from medical journals . The misclassification error rate  , based on ten-fold cross validation  , was used to compare the performances of the base classifiers and the ensembles. editors  , actors and CEOs. Ontological propagation. For each EconStor author  , we harvest several other repositories for correlations with other authors  , publications or other relevant information about the initial author. The fourth collection was obtained by crawling 9 popular blogs from the top popular list presented in Technorati Blog 1 . We refer to pins with blocked URLs as blocked pins. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. The match between geolocation and language improves when we compare location breakdown with the language breakdown for blogs collected by BlogPulse in October 2006. In the case of resources  , semantic similarity refers to the degree of relatedness between two Web sites or documents  , as perceived by human subjects. Section 6 summarizes related work. In particular  , our projections suggest that Chinese and Russian should appear prominently in the language based segmentation. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. The idea is similar to that of sitemap based relevance propagation 24. Lucene IR framework is utilized for indexing of concepts and at the implementation of the fuzzy retrieval model. There are 106 queries in the collection split into five folds. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , It indicates the method provided in this paper is useful. The metadata OAIster collects is in Simple Dublin Core format. We choose the Douban data 8 because it contains not only time/date related and other inferred contextual information  , but also social relationships information  , thus is suitable for evaluating the performance of SoCo  , which utilizes various types of information. Client-side personalization is also scalable and computationally efficient since the workload is distributed to the clients and network traffic is significantly reduced. This ensures that users can access the resource itself. 22K LabelMe contains 22 ,019 images sampled from the large LabelMe data set. For example  , some reviewers will explicitly organize their reviews in pros and cons sections 1 ; and in NewEgg http://www.newegg.com/  , reviewers are required to do so. In order to generate concept-based search results  , first the retrieved LOD resources from the Sindice search need to be categorized under UMBEL concepts. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. Once a week for 14 weeks we crawled each website and reconstructed it with Warrick. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. First  , we used the Meta-Map program to extract UMLS Meta-thesaurus concepts associated with the original query. Users participate on Reddit and its alternatives mainly through public postings. After 20 opinions were collected the next button terminated the study. The winning solution in the KDDCUP 2005 competition  , which won on all three evaluation metrics precision  , F1 and creativity  , relied on an innovative method to map queries to target categories. Some users are interested in highly unstructured text data OCRed from field journals  , or more conventional relational tables of data  , so BigSur does not require that these super-classes are used. Given that indexing and caching of WoD is very expensive  , our approach is based on existing 3 rd party serives. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. Reddit was founded in 2005 with the intent of providing a discussion forum for all under the principle of free speech Hill 2012. Relative importance of motivational factors. Along with this growth has come a significant increase in content diversity; currently Reddit hosts over 350 ,000 subreddits. However  , each pinboard may be associated to one of 32 categories defined globally for all users by Pinterest. As a result  , we create a wider author profile enriched with additional information. For decision trees in particular   , the small workloads result in very minimal classifier training times. However  , IMRank1 runs more than two orders of magnitude faster than PMIA and more than one order of magnitude faster than IRIE. We describe the behavioral  , topical  , temporal  , and other features in more detail later in the paper. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. Examples of Linked Data browsers 6 are Tabulator  , Disco  , the OpenLink data browser and the Zitgist browser. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Wikitravel Page = the i th document  , where Table 2The "See" section of document "Houma travel guide -Wikitravel" After retrieving one city's Wikitravel homepage  , we examine the " See "   , " Do "   , " Eat "   , " Drink " and " Buy " sections in that page  , and extract famous venues from these sections. Weights of report concepts are extended to UMLS 'isa' relationships ontological neighbors. Users on Douban can join different interesting groups. The process for data cross-linking is based and initiated from the metadata that are used to describe the authors and publications in EconStor. For example  , in the article on Elvis Presley  , CoCit identified the link to the " AllMusic " category at the top rank. Each spreadsheet column in the EUSES corpus typically contains values from one category  , so columns were our unit of analysis for identifying data categories. We find evidence the Pinterest social network is useful for bonding and interaction. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. Of the 197 occurrences of 'bank'  , the vector analysis correctly assigned 45 percent of them to the correct sense. As a first step towards providing tools that will assist users in effectively tagging articles  , we tested the similarity of articles that contained similar keywords. Third  , tourists show a substantial increase in activity on Reddit around the departure date and afterwards  , which we observed was due to complaints on Reddit and comments about trying to the alternative. We find this method is effective at recovering ground truth quality parameters   , and further show that it provides a good fit for Reddit and Hacker News data. Given the datasets above  , we now describe how we tested and measured the efficacy of the recommendation algorithms described in Sections 2 and 3. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . This is partly because  , unlike CMAR  , CBA's coverage analysis may sometimes retain a rule that applies only to a single case. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. to the available blog post elements  , we conducted automatic indexing of posts based on the STW thesaurus 3 . Figure 3 shows some representative images sampled from LabelMe and TinyImage data sets. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. We hypothesized that certain topical categories of tasks are more likely to be resumed than others see also 10 . We bring together two existing experimental techniques to launch a thorough study of topic-based properties of the Web: the ability to classify a Web page into predefined topics using a high-speed automatic classifier  , and the ability to draw near-uniform samples from the Web graph using random walks. It uses publicly available biomedical dictionaries like UMLS for this purpose. The newspaper data set made available to us ranges from 1618 to 1995 4 and consists of more than 102 million OCRed newspaper items. For simplicity we randomly sampled 300 websites from dmoz.org as our initial set of URLs. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. The reason for this is that the performance of the neighbourhood and latent factor models was close to 0 7 . The error rates of classifiers were estimated using 10-fold cross validation technique. f Xanga web-link categories In this section we study the prevalence with which this information is available  , and use this information to understand the extent to which one user may create multiple blogs. Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in. Since its creation in 2005  , it has been widely used for spreadsheet research and evaluation. We then give details on the key Quora graph structures that connect different components together. We have shown very competitive results relative to the LETOR-provided baseline models. From Fig- ure3  , one can see that number of lattice levels has a greater affect on the detection rate in the case of the KDDCup data set than in the other data sets. A sample of English blog data provided by Technorati from a 16 day period in late 2006 shows nearly 403 ,000 unique tags with a mean frequency of 343.1  , median of 8  , and mode of 1. , for a given keyword query or more advanced queries the goal is to return a list of ranked resources based on their relevance. Third  , our proposed GSML further lifts the performance of SML consistently across all six data sets used. Running AmCheck over the whole EUSES corpus took about 116 minutes. For each topic  , we download 10 ,000 pages using the best-first algorithm. Not all nodes in this Semantic Web graph are entities; identifying the nodes which refer to an entity is one of the challenges introduced by the task. Table 1presents the list of the crawled blogs. We repeat this process five times to compute 5-fold cross validated results. Their study presents an analysis of the 250 most frequently used Technorati tags. We began by collecting the 350 most popular tags from Technorati . Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. The coordination mechanism allows an additional filter to be added to filter out the sidebars and footers  , and to return only the pure article text. This can be attributed to larger categorical attribute dependencies being used in the detection process for the KDDCup data set. In this paper we describe generation of datasets based on the Open Directory Project ODP  , http://dmoz.org  , although the techniques we propose are readily applicable to other Web directories  , as well as to non-Web hierarchies of documents see Section 2. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. Figure 5 : Probabilities of posting to communities according to popularity. Recently  , an approximate index structure for summarizing the content of Linked Data sources has been proposed by Harth et al. Quora. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. Our empirical results show that this strategy performs best when taking into account the costs of materialization  , both on Web Data Commons and on Billion Triple Challenge data. We compare the NDCG-Annealing algorithm with linear ranking function described in section 3 with baselines provided in the LETOR 3.0 datasets. The output of experiments as well as descriptions of the various components are stored in a serverless database for fast Finally we also employ the OKKAM service. In the same way  , we set latent dimensionality to 30 for Douban data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.01  , λ2 = 0.0001  , and 35 for Douban music data α f = 0.005  , αc = 0.00005  , λ1 = 0.04  , λ2 = 0.0001. This system was capable of automatically extracting UMLS terms from a text and linking them with a UMLS concept  , labeling the term as a finding  , a procedure  , a problem  , or a treatment among other labels. Because of this  , we have records in our system from original repositories and from aggregator providers collecting original repositories. Therefore  , we only show the runtime performance on Perlegen and Jester data in Figure 6. These two sub-collections are built from the same crawl; however  , blank nodes are filtered out in Sindice-ED  , therefore it is a subset of Sindice-DE. On categorical or mixed datasets  , baggingPET is consistently better than RDT. We refer to this as the " Identity " axis. As a second strategy of query expansion  , we exploited the hierarchical relationship among concepts. The other four data sets are the Johns Hopkins University Ionosphere data which consists of 351 samples and 34 variables  , the Pima Indians data which consists of 768 samples and 8 variables  , the Cleveland Heart data which consists of 297 samples and 13 variables  , and the Galaxy Dim data which consists of 4192 samples and 14 variables. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. MetaMap identifies medical concepts using the UMLS ontology and returns their corresponding UMLS concept ids. Our research is based on the EconStor 2 repository  , the leading German Open Access repository for economics which is maintained by ZBW. For example  , when large dimension is used  , KPCA-1 outperforms KPCA-2 to KPCA-5 on Ionosphere   , while on Glass KPCA-1 is with the lowest accuracy among KPCA-1 to KPCA-5. Finally  , generated metadata information and OCRed text are integrated to support navigation and retrieval of content within scanned volumes. Example 2 shows a similar problem in a different domain. Each image of size 32 × 32 is represented by a 512-dimensional GIST feature vector. To avoid the aforementioned implication  , these extra documents with low BM25 scores were dropped in the latest LETOR release 13. On the testing data set our approach is able to detect most of the unknown attacks a problem for almost all of the KDDCup 1999 participants . This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. We compare the following three methods using Douban datasets: 1. The EUSES corpus consists of 4 ,037 real-life spreadsheets from 11 categories. The proposed method only uses the measurements of a single grayscale camera and the IMU acceleration and angular velocity to estimate the ego-motion. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. Types of relations that SemRep identifies is pre-defined by the UMLS. Two of the four evaluation metrics used in our study—coverage  , and diversity—required information about page topicality and query interest. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. The impact of using different values of α  , β and N is further studied in the second set of experiments reported in Section 4.3.2. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. At consumer level and as discussed earlier  , the Sindice Semantic Web indexing engine adopts the protocol 3 and thanks to it has indexed  , as today  , more than 26 million RDF documents. Current WoD search engines and mechanisms  , such as Sindice 2 and Watson 3  , utilize full-text retrieval  , where they present a list of search results in decreasing relevance. In order to generate user profiles the ratings users gave for the example attractions along with the created vectors that represent each sample attractions are combined and passed to the Softmax algorithm. The frequency of occurrences of cp-similar regions has been shown by the analysis carried out on the EUSES spreadsheet corpus as reported in 13. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. In contrast to this setting we however want to efficiently process large RGB-D images e.g. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. The topics were assigned to pages based on their content using a text-based classifier described and evaluated in 6. However more notably it outperforms bare frequency tagging by 8.2%. Even though there are three classes  , the SemEval task is a binary task. The properties link were interpreted as rdf:type of the topics they belong to. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? Qi et al. For this  , we consider the task of curating identities in the target domain Pinterest. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . TABLE II: Quantitative results for our segmantic segmentation approach on the KITTI dataset. SRexp: this is the social regularization method described in Equation 3  , which utilizes the explicit social information in improving recommender systems. We conduct our experiments only on the database subset  , which consists of 1 ,000 ,000 images each represented as 128-dimensional SIFT de- scriptors. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. Thus  , it is used in conjuction with a clustering algorithm but it is independent of it. Query category is decided based on classification of each possible keyword query into a two-level query type hierarchy. Table 1. Opinion identification is accomplished by combining the four opinion modules that leverage various evidences of opinion e.g  , Opinion Lexicon  , Opinion Collocation  , Opinion Morphology. The graphs are publicly available at Stanford Large Network Dataset Collection 5 . Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. Krizhevsky et al.