Knowledge-free systems employ co-occurrence and distributional similarities together with language models. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. For SHAKESPEARE  , since the consumption is contrived  , there is no recency the real and permuted curves are near-identical  , which both validates our measure as capturing the amount of repeat consumption  , and shows that the separations in MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE are nontrivial . To allow comparisons with the results in the JNLPBA shared task  , we use the same evaluation script from the shared task  , which reports on the precision  , recall  , and the F 1 -measure on the evaluation data. A knowledge base is a centralized repository for information . Clearly  , the recency only model is the second best and the improvements by the hybrid model over the recency model are significant for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. The results of our experiments are summarized in Tables 5  , 9  , and 10. LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. We even achieve superior performance for very short documents 6–8 words in the SemEval task as long as we can link to at least one entity. We have learned various lessons in our first attempt at this task. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. Actually  , we chose the term keyquery in dependence on these two concepts. This exactmatch scoring method doubly penalizes incorrect boundaries for an output as false negatives and false positives. We bootstrapped this system by transferring the learned model from TAC KBP 2010 thereby circumventing the need for training examples. We test our model on two subtasks from Semeval-2015 Task 10: phrase-level subtask A and message-level subtask B 1 . The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. Once the best feature set is established  , we are going to evaluate our contextualization on the SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23 datasets. All works propose interesting issues for SRC. It contains contextualized substitutions for about 150 ,000 sentences  , a larger collection than used for SemEval WSD tasks. Table 5: Results of the Dual C-Means algorithm for ODP-239 and SEMEVAL. BrightKite is a now defunct location-based social networking website www.brightkite.com where users could publicly check-in to various locations. Different gold standards have been used for the evaluation of SRC algorithms among which the most cited are: AMBIENT 6  , ODP-239 10  , MORESQUE 27 and SEMEVAL 28 . The performance is measured as the average F1-score of the positive and the negative class. Interestingly  , caching on the permuted sequences is still higher on this measure than the stable top-k cache  , suggesting that temporally " local " preferences recently consumed items are more important than temporally " global " preferences all-time favorites. The entity mentions detected by Factorie are linked to the knowledge base using our state-of-the-art entity linking system  , KB Bridge 11  , which is trained on the TAC KBP entity linking data from 2009- 2012. Automatic knowledge base population by extracting entity information from large-scale unstructured text data has been shown to be a very challenging task in the recent TAC KBP program 1 . In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. 07 and the participant's papers for details. We bridge the gap between entities and text using automatic information extraction to identify entities and link them to a knowledge base. The number of positive and negative tweets of these datasets is given in Table 5Table 5: Message-level polarity classification datasets. Our model outperforms all these models  , again without resorting to any feature engineering. Using large language model with and word co-occurrences  , we achieve a performance comparable to the systems in SemEval 2013  , task 13 23. trigram or dependency features. In Figure 5  , we show this curve for several of our datasets. The behavior of caching for all the other datasets are in line with MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE. BrightKite was a location-based social networking website where users could check in to physical locations. Finally   , we observe that the time scores capture cyclic behavior in the check-in data around daily and weekly marks. Since OpenStreetMap is a prominent example of volunteered geographic information VGI 7  , LinkedGeoData knowledge reflects the way in which the environment is experienced 8 . For SEMEVAL  , the best performances are provided by STC in terms of ARI and LINGO in terms of F N 1 . To pre-train the weights of our network  , we use a large unsupervised corpus containing 50M tweets for training the word embeddings and a 10M tweet corpus for distant supervision. If users are satiating on items  , we expect to see some k for which the probability of continuing runs decreases as the run length Figure 5: Lack of satiation in MAPCLICKS  , BRIGHTKITE  , and GPLUS. In particular  , it tends to give high results when the other metrics decrease. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. Table 2summarizes the performance of our model on five test sets using three parameter initialization schemas. BRIGHTKITE. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. The evaluation is done on three collections of tweets that were manually annotated to positive and negative classes: 6Hu- manCoded 5   , Sanders 6   , and SemEval 7 . The task of 'entity linking' to a knowledge base has received significant attention  , with one major venue being the Text Analysis Conference TAC Knowledge Base Population KBP Entity Linking Task 17. We have extended the ontology of LinkedGeoData by the appropriate classes and properties. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. Figure 6shows these curves as a function of the cache size k for MAPCLICKS and BRIGHTKITE  , and for comparison  , SHAKE- SPEARE and YES. In Subtask E of the SemEval 2016 Task 4 shared task a subtask which deals with ordinal tweet quantification by sentiment – see 8   , the system described in this paper obtained an EM D score of 0.243  , ranking 1st in a set of 10 participating systems  , with a high margin over the other ones systems from rank 2 to rank 8 obtained EM D scores between 0.316 and 0.366. This analysis indicates that the consumption of items strongly exhibit recency  , which we will model in Section 4.1. We use a scalable and highly flexible system  , Elementary to perform relation extraction. The first evaluation was conducted in early 2007 and the results were reported at the SemEval-2007 workshop. To evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed framework  , we performed experiments in the biomedical domain which is considered to be more difficult than a general-purpose domain as mentioned in Section 1. Babelfy has been evaluated using six datasets: three from earlier SemEval tasks 33  , 29  , 28  , one from a Senseval task 38 and two already used for evaluating AIDA 17  , 16. To do this  , we compare the classification performance obtained by a simple classifier that uses attributes calculated from the seed lexicon  , with the performance obtained by a classifier with attributes derived from both the seed lexicon and the generated words. This allows us to compare our unsupervised contextualization technique to state-of-the-art techniques  , and possibly to participate in a future WSD challenge. A survey of current research in the field is given in the overview paper of the 2010 SemEval competition on keyphrase extraction 9. Recently  , researchers from the same team proposed a new dataset within the context of the SEMEVAL task 11 28  , in which the goal is to provide an evaluation framework for the objective comparison of word sense disambiguation and induction algorithms in SRC for ambiguous queries. We describe each of the datasets in detail below. All of them are available online but distributed throughout the Web. We report the results for training the network on the official supervised dataset from Semeval'15 using parameters that were initialized: i completely at random Random; ii using word embeddings from the neural language model trained on a large unsupervised dataset Unsup with the word2vec tool and iii initializing all the parameters of our model with the parameters of the network that uses the word embeddings from the previous step and are further tuned on a distant supervised dataset Distant. The item consumed in this case is the check-in location given by its anonymized identity and geographical coordinates. The model which optimizes per-item scores without recency outperforms the model that fixes the per-item scores to be item popularity over all datasets. This behavior is particularly strong for the BRIGHTKITE dataset  , where cyclic behavior has been observed 10. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. The two most recent contextualization shared tasks are the Word Sense Disambiguation WSD tasks of SemEval 2010 20 and SemEval 2013 23. Here we consider the consumed items to be all latitude-longitude pairs of anonymized user check-ins. We used the GENIA corpus provided in the JNLPBA shared task 1 to perform our experiments. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings The goal of LinkedGeoData is to add a spatial dimension to the Semantic Web. In particular  , if we ranked all systems including ours according to their accuracy on each of the six test sets and compute their average ranks  , our model would be ranked first in both subtasks  , A and B. To evaluate the performance of the contextualization system  , we are going to use the TWSI dataset 4 here as well. Table 1. The datasets used in Semeval-2015 are summarized in Table 1. We have implemented a contextualization system that we are now extending with new features for a publication in the near future. Finally  , we discuss a pervasive pattern exhibited in all of our datasets: recency  , the tendency for more recently-consumed items to be reconsumed than items consumed further in the past. For the phrase-level subtask the size of the word type embeddings  , which encode tokens that span the target phrase or not  , is set to 10. In all cases  , personalization captures over 75% of the available likelihood. i word embeddings are initialized using a neural language model 4  , 7  , which is trained on a large unsupervised collection of tweets; ii we use a convolutional neural network to further refine the embeddings on a large distant supervised corpus 1; iii the word embeddings and other parameters of the network obtained at the previous stage are used to initialize the network with the same architecture  , which is then trained on a supervised corpus from Semeval-2015. Let us notice that this is the only dataset for which experiments with query logs can be performed and easily reproduced. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . We also compare the segmentation results with a CRF that uses the same set of features in Table 6. iii SHAKESPEARE iv YES Figure 6: Normalized hit ratio as a function of cache size for four different datasets. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. For the free parameters in our Sequential Dependence SD sub-models we estimate the parameters using training data from the TAC KBP 2010 entity linking data  , resulting in settings It is important to note that we only used background term statistics from the training time range. As ODP- 239 is an evolution of AMBIENT and SEMEVAL is the next generation of MORESQUE  , we will only give an overview of the most recent datasets. The TWSI dataset is mostly used for parameter tuning and determining the best feature configuration. By performing all knowledge graphrelated work in the Semantic Document Expansion preprocessing step  , we also achieve a highly scalable solution. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . Note that our experiments setting is more challenging than the TAC-KBP competition 28 since we don't assume the availability of various kinds of annotations e.g. 3.3.