Our statistics show that roughly 25% of the messages in WeChat were generated in group conversations. Experimental results show that DSN-based recommendation performs better compared to when only text similarity is used. The ultimate answer to this question depends on the exact data and queries used  , though based on our experimental analysis above  , we believe that an adaptive materialization strategy provides the best trade-off for running provenanceenabled queries over Web Data in general. by using distributed IR test collections where also the complete description is available  , or the samples obtained by considering the diverse query sets for sampling in the FedWeb test collections; – the use of diverse weighting scheme at document level  , e.g. Since GERBIL is based on the BAT-framework  , annotators of this framework can be added to GERBIL easily. Such tags typically operate on the UHF band and are popular in retail and distribution environments e.g. Still  , the results also show that a better clustering of tasks as performed by greedy clustering leads to higher hit ratios  , thus suggesting that clustering alone can already be beneficial for improving the scheduling of link discovery tasks. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads or CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. They experimented with a baseline run utTailyM400  , and a variation using a Gaussian distribution instead of a Gamma distribution utTailyNormM400. Moreover  , all developers reported they felt comfortable—4 points on average on a 5-point Likert scale between very uncomfortable 1 and very comfortable 5—implementing the annotator in GERBIL. In addition  , for some search engines  , like the resource e122 Picasa in FedWeb 2014  , all the sampled pages are non-text files  , e.g. We made several approaches to ensure that we visited a large and representative section of the open Semantic Web. , biblio. This value was chosen based on some preliminary experiments we performed on the FedWeb 2012 test collection Nguyen et al. link to a KB task. Example 1 illustrates that such cases are possible in practice. To show how long-term and short-term groups differ in terms of cascade tree structure  , Figure 4a and Figure 4 b show the examples for two types of WeChat group cascade tree. The stream-based approach is also applicable to the full data crawls of D Datahub , The advent and proliferation of social instant messaging services have been shaping and transforming the way people connect  , communicate with individuals or groups of friends  , bringing users diverse and ubiquitous social experiences that traditional text-based short message service SMS could not. First  , our design of membership cascade model can be used for group member recommendation  , and may be potentially integrated into current WeChat platform. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was created based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. b c: Horizontal axis is the normalized number of open/closed triads at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and vertical axis is the normalized number of open/closed one month later. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. To better understand why our weighting scheme improves the performance of Pearson Correlation Coefficient method  , we first examine the distribution of weights for different movies. After queries have been represented by time series  , our goal is to analyze the underlying structure of query logs. In Section 7.1 we directly compare the approaches on the basis of its results achieved with GERBIL. , Mean Reciprocal Rank. Participants have to rank the given 149 search engines for each test topic without having access to the corresponding search results. In the future  , we also plan to provide information about the point in time since when an annotator is stable  , i.e. Currently  , GERBIL offers 9 entity annotation systems with a variety of features  , capabilities and experiments. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. More surprisingly  , however  , our technique can discover interesting relationships even among non-event driven queries whose frequencies do not change greatly over the long term. Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. Maintenance. To address these issues  , in this paper  , we analyze the daily usage logs from the WeChat 1 group messaging platform — the largest standalone messaging communication service developed by Tencent in China 2 — with the goal of understanding the processes by which social messaging groups come together  , grow new members   , and evolve over time. The personalization term P m|u in the active-selection Equation 7 consists of two terms  , P z|u  , the user-group mixing probabilities and P m|z  , the probability of getting a rating for a movie m in group z. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. This study is based on data from our collaborator -Tencent Inc 2 . One example here is that of walmart  , whose frequency function and highest correlated queries are shown in Figure 2. The model takes into account a user's page viewing history  , page viewing trends captured using DSNs  , and text similarity between page titles. As a result  , the research community still knows very little about the formation and evolution of chat groups in the context of social messaging — their lifecycles  , the change in their underlying structures over time  , and the cascade processes by which they develop new members. Section 3 shows combination of the basic methods for different runs and the results will also be introduced. We use the Gerbil testing platform 37 version 1.1.4 with the D2KB setting in which a document together with a fixed set of mentions to be annotated are given as input. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. The input for this task is a collection provided by the organisers FedWeb 2013 collection consisting of sampled search results from 157 search engines. Using GERBIL  , Usbeck et al. GERBIL is an opensource and extensible framework that allows evaluating tools against currently 9 different annotators on 11 different datasets within 6 different experiment types. , HEB  , Walmart  , " mall "   , " college "   , and " university " . Section 2 describes related work on analyzing group formation and evolution. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. in the following way: the first two recommendations are irrelevant  , and the first relevant recommendation is at the third rank of the result list. Table 2 shows the statistics of our test corpora. We use the Billion Triple Challenge BTC collection 3   , a publicly available Semantic Web crawl; we consider this collection as a reasonable sample of Linked Open Data LOD. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. In this paper  , we present GERBIL – a general entity annotator benchmark –  , a community-driven effort to enable the continuous evaluation of annotation tools. By integrating such a large number of datasets  , experiment types and frameworks  , GERBIL allows users to evaluate their tools against other semantic entity annotation systems short: entity annotation systems by using exactly the same setting  , leading to fair comparisons based on exactly the same measures . In the context of sub-question 3  , we will perform various crowdsourcing tasks e.g. We begin by giving an overview of related work. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. For this year's task is based on Billion Triple Challenge 2009 dataset. The dataset for the ELC task is the Billion Triple Challenge dataset 2 . To address this problem  , we aim to develop/implement novel measures into GERBIL that make use of scores e.g. Having this in mind  , FedWeb dataset seemed appropriate for our experiments as it provides the federated environment on which we could incorporate opinions in federated search. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Also  , they have to be located in the Semantic Web. We will describe detailed information about the WeChat dataset along with its mechanics in Section 3.  Resource selection: given a query  , a set of search engines/resources and a set of sample documents for each resource  , the goal of this task is to return a ranked list of search engines according to their relevance given the query. In our experiments we used real data that were taken from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC dataset small crawl 6 . It is likely that monitoring all items for sale at Walmart  , say  , is not of interest. can be reconstructed in a unique manner in future works. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. This suggests that  , when the resource ranking is not good the performance of the hybrid method in resource selection is far from optimal  , the diversification approach seems to help a little bit. While developing GERBIL  , we spotted several flaws in the formal model underlying previous benchmarking frameworks which we aim to tackle in the future. With GERBIL we introduce the notion of knowledge base-agnostic benchmarking of entity annotation systems through generalized experiment types. Their similarity   , if needed  , is derived based on the similarity information stored in the tree path. University dragon 16 Their result merging runs were based on normalizing the document score based on the resource score by a simple multiplication. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. The good performance of their runs largely depends on a queryindependent prior ranking of the resources learned on the results from FedWeb 2013. Overall  , our approach attains the best averaged F1 value of all systems. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. Topics 1  , 2  , 4  , and 5 are mostly related to AlgoViz catalog entries  , These topics are prominent in clusters 2  , 4 and 5. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. In the replaying stage  , the data in WPBench Store are fed to browsers by a proxy according to the local configuration so that browsers could obtain the Web content as if they were actually from the Internet. Most of the proposed systems for this task see for example 6 exploit IR indexing and ranking techniques over the RDF dataset used at the Billion Triple Challenge 2009. Formal releases of these two broswers are expected to fix these problems. When we use only similarity between the page titles to build the model  , the recommendation framework does not perform well. Even though small  , this evaluation suggests that implementing against GERBIL does not lead to any overhead. In this paper  , we presented and evaluated GERBIL  , a platform for the evaluation of annotation frameworks. This approach was introduced in 25 in 2008 and is based on different facts like prior probabilities  , context relatedness and quality  , which are then combined and tuned using a classifier. – the effect of sampling strategy on resource selection effectiveness  , e.g. and provide similar products and services e.g. In both cases  , for any given time span  , if an entry E in AlgoViz received a certain number of views within a cluster whose topics were highly related to that of E  , then E would be weighted more compared to other entries of similar type. The Web Data Commons project extracts all Microformat  , Microdata and RDFa data from the Common Crawl Web corpus  , the largest and most up-to-data Web corpus that is currently available to the public  , and provides the extracted data for download in the form of RDF-quads and also in the form of CSV-tables for common entity types e.g. Such query-independent factors are orthogonal to our approach  , so combination of the two could probably further improve the performance. We validate TermPicker's recommendation quality by performing one evaluation on the DyLDO 21 9 dataset and a second evaluation on the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 dataset 22 10 crawl no. 29  proposed GERBIL - General Entity Annotator Benchmark  , an easy-to-use platform for the agile comparison of annotators using multiple data sets and uniform measuring approaches. The table shows clearly that while the greedy and na¨ıvena¨ıve approach achieve similar runtimes on the LinkedGeoData fragment with 1 ,000 resources  , the greedy clustering approach is orders of magnitude slower than the na¨ıvena¨ıve approach in all other cases. Please note that such group is invited only  , which means that the other users friends cannot apply to join if no invitation comes from the group. In the following  , we present nine well-known and publicly available data sets which are integrated in GERBIL and are used in our evaluation. In this paper we describe the approaches we investigated in the course developing a  The Categorization task involves making the following decisions. Data Collection and Cleaning. Its responsiveness performance is closer to users' perception than any of other benchmarks. More information about GERBIL and its source code can be found at the project's website. We present a high-level * This work was partly supported by the National Science Foundation with grants IIS-9984296 and IIS-0081860. At lower levels of mobility  , we see significant words like " railway station " and " bus "   , as well as discussion of " home "   , " work "   , " church "   , grocery stores e.g. , Walmart due to their low cost. The online version of GERBIL can be accessed at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil. On the one hand  , when one is invited to a group  , 2 On WeChat  , instead of sending group invitation to any registered user  , one can only invite his/her current friends into the group chat. OpenStreetMap OSM maintains a global editable map that depends on users to provide the information needed for its improvement and evolution. They represent two very different kinds of RDF data. The BTC data set has been crawled from the web in a typical web spider fashion and contains about 1.44 billion triples. By these means  , we allow benchmarking tools against reference datasets from any domain grounded in any reference knowledge base. We begin by constructing DSNs based on AlgoViz log data from Fall 2009 August 1 to December 31 and Spring 2010 January 1 to May 31. Two users were connected only if they viewed at least 10 similar pages within a month. Consumers making plane and hotel reservations directly ? For the Categorization task  , we only attempted the triage task using a Naïve Bayes classifier. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. In the absence of adequate explicit user feedback  , AlgoViz usage data has helped us to generate networks and find common usage patterns. However  , these algorithms can be integrated at any time as soon as their webservices are available. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. 1 Crawled during February/March 2009  , it comprises about 1.14 billion RDF statements. With the increasing number of topics  , i.e. identification of locations  , actors  , times at hand. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. The configuration can determine the replay policies  , such as whether to emulate the networking latencies. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Many modem manufacturers and retailers - Walmart is a particularly well known example have found extending the companies boundaries in just this way are central to the 'whole concept of Just in Time and process reengineering. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. We take into account both the open triad count and close triad count  , based on the friendship networks structure of sampled WeChat groups. Hence  , by using GERBIL for experiments  , tool developers can ensure that the settings for their experiments measures  , datasets  , versions of the reference frameworks  , etc. , news  , blogs  , videos etc. for all selected LinkedGeoData classes. Snippets contain document title  , description  , and thumbnail image when available. Some users are mainly interested in bibliography entries. Approaches such as point-based measures or cluster centroids are often used to assign newly arriving points to an existing cluster. Although it is a continuous timeline  , we split it into two segments to follow the traffic trends seen in Fall and Spring semesters. The Billion Triple Challenge dataset was crawled based on datasets provided by Falcon-S  , Sindice  , Swoogle  , SWSE  , and Watson using the MultiCrawler/SWSE framework. Further   , we show an empirical comparison between PBoH and well known or recent competitive entity disambiguation systems . To the best of our knowledge  , there exists no previous benchmark which can automatically emulate the process of user Web surfing in a way fair to Web browsers. Due to the community effort behind GERBIL  , we could raise the number of published annotators from 5 to 9. While WeChat supports many other important features including Moments for photo sharing  , Friend Radar for searching nearby friends and Sticker Gallery  , it is important to note that those are beyond the scope of our research focus in this paper. Figure 8 and Figure 9show the experimental results for the two DSNs. Another example is the LinkedGeoData project 4 which provides Linked Data about any circular and rectangular area on Earth 4. We started from the 506 topics gathered for FedWeb 2013 5  , leaving out the 200 topics provided to the FedWeb 2013 participants. In the following  , we present current state-of-the-art approaches both available or unavailable in GERBIL. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions. We have participated all the three tasks of FedWeb 2014 this year. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. The user's interests are almost stable and mainly focus on the design of apps. For the resource selection task we tested different variations of the strategies presented above. In WeChat groups  , we try to examine whether long-term and short-term groups show different transitivity patterns. 's initial work 7 in 2014  , GERBIL's community effort led to the implementation of overall 6 new annotators as well as the before mentioned generic NIF-based annotator. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. We evaluate our approach using the evaluation framework used in the Semantic Search Challenge 2010 3 . LinkedGeoData uses the information collected by the OpenStreetMap project with the aim of providing a rich integrated and interlinked geographic dataset for the Semantic Web. This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. So instead of IDs  , we rely on other methods to identify users whether registered or unregistered. Therefore WPBench produces a fairer benchmark for different Web browsers. The sessions are the nodes and an edge between two sessions indicate they share k common pages. c: Horizontal axis is the edge density at the setting up of a WeChat group  , and veritcal axis is the edge density one month later. Ultimately  , the rank based resource score combined with the document score on the RS baseline provided by the FedWeb team performed the best drexelRS7mW. More information can be found at our project webpage http:// gerbil.aksw.org and at the code repository page https: //github.com/AKSW/gerbil. In total  , we collected around 13 ,000 spatial objects in Milano and 30 ,000 in London; those objects are instances of around 180 LinkedGeoData ontology classes our spatial features. Since the data is from many different semantic data sources  , it contains many different ontologies. The assumptions we make on the considered dataset are as follows. The largest WeChat group can have as many as 500 members by default. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. To annotate an uncharacterized sequence s   , one can use homologue identification e.g. These 149 engines were a subset of the 157 search engines in the FedWeb 2013 test collection. UiSPP Linear combination of the Document-centric and Collection-centric models. In this paper  , we report the benchmark called WPBench Web Performance Benchmark that we have recently designed and developed to measure the performance of browsers for Web 2.0 applications. Ours findings raise many important open questions that would be interesting to take into account in future research . The number of sampling iterations for the topic model of each month was 200. With GERBIL  , we aim to push annotation system developers to better quality and wider use of their frameworks. In Section 3  , we evaluate the performance with different K values. One important feature in WeChat is that any user can create a new group and invite friends to join this group. Figure 1plots the computed weight distribution for the MovieRating dataset given 100 training users. The data for this study comes from anonymized logs of complete WeChat group messaging activities   , collected between July 26th  , 2015 to August 28  , 2015. Each observation features the qb:Dimensions experiment type  , matching type  , annotator   , corpus  , and time. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. This result in itself is of high practical significance as it means that by using GERBIL  , developers can evaluate on currently 11 datasets using the same effort they needed for 1  , which is a gain of more than 1100%. To achieve this goal  , we surveyed the workload necessary to implement a novel annotator into GERBIL compared to the implementation into previous diverse frameworks. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. These were estimated from a set of double annotations for the FedWeb 2013 collection  , which has  , by construction  , comparable properties to the FedWeb 2014 dataset. For our empirical analysis  , we use the different segments of the data set provided for the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2012. In WPBench  , user interactions are recorded when users are browsing a set of the most popular Web 2.0 applications. While AGDISTIS has been in the source code of the BAT-Framework provided by a third-party after publication of Cornolti et al. As presented before  , we experimented with one run based on document relevance and with three other runs depending on the output of the previous task  , that is  , a ranking of resources. The dataset is the Billion Triple Challenge 2009 collection. , products  , organizations   , locations  , etc. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Our benchmark meets all the aforementioned requirements. Similarly to such tasks  , our dataset is composed of a large set of triples coming from LOD datasets  , while our queries consist of entities extracted from news articles and the gold standard is manually created by experts. Some examples are: How does the snippet quality influence results merging strategies ? 26 To this end  , GERBIL implements a Java-based NIF 15 reader and writer module which enables loading arbitrary NIF document collections  , as well as the communication to NIF-based webservices. Despite a small number of registered users  , AlgoViz project leaders are interested in understanding the trends of its overall user base. Thereafter  , we present the GERBIL framework. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. In FedWeb 2014  , participants are given 24 di↵erent verticals e.g. The AIDA annotator as well as the " Illinois Wikifier " will not be available in GERBIL since we restrict ourselves to webservices. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. A connection threshold of size k for an edge indicates that two users have viewed at least k common pages. Gene Ontology GO 1 is a system of keywords hierarchically organized as a directed acyclic graph with three main categories – biological process  , cellular component  , and molecular function. Table 1. All these browsers can browse all the Web sites in WPBench normally except that IE 8 beta and Firefox 3.1 beta cannot browse one of them due to unsupported features used by the Web site. For example  , <o1  , Walmart  , c1>  , <c1  , Redmond  , s1>  , <s1  , WA  , t1>  , <t1  , USA> describes an organization entity where o1  , c1  , etc. We also perform a dataset analysis and develop a cost model that provide insight into why particular strategies are effective for Web Data. Instead of artificially constructing Web content based on a model of typical Web 2.0 applications  , WPBench uses the real data from users' actually browsing and interacting with Web 2.0 sites. In GERBIL  , we make use of the D2KB task  , which evaluates entity disambiguation only. As these were not available  , document samples were used instead. Before describing the details of the dataset  , we first give a brief overview about WeChat's Group Chat feature that is central to our study here. Large Linked Datasets. For AIDA we downloaded the default entity repository that is suggested as reference for comparison. 7 They provide the source code for their approach as well as a webservice 8 which is available in GERBIL. In a medium sized business or in a company big as Walmart  , it's very easy to collect a few gigabytes of data. Tencent is a major social network provider in mainland China  , running a platform for its instant messaging QQ service   , many online games  , a social network and social media WeChat service  , online Video service and others. The simplest RFID tag stores only a 96-bit identifier called the EPC. Every day  , about 2 ,300 ,000 new groups were created and about 40% of the newly created groups become silent within only one week. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. To avoid this problem  , the authors of Uzbeck et al. Example 2. Then they talk more about college football and feminism and equality with words like " TXST  , star  , game  , campus  , feminism  , equality and etc. " compared more than 15 systems on 20 different datasets. The performance of runs is measured by the nDCG@20  , which is the main evaluation metric used at the FedWeb research selection task. Knowing the groups  , their interests  , and size gives us leverage on better serving the target audience. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. Groups play a very important role in WeChat. Results of the experiments run on the Gerbil platform are shown in Table 2. The collection can be sorted by author  , title  , publication type  , or publication year. Table 6shows the results obtained for some of these methods with the FedWeb 2012 collection. For example  , consider the hierarchical categories of merchandise in Walmart. We use two AlgoViz DSNs created from log data captured in Fall 2009 and Spring 2010. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. We note that the GERBIL version that we use does not consider NIL annotations when computing the F1  , recall and precision values. The Billion Triple Challenge 1 is a collection of crawled Linked Data that is publicly available and that is often used in Big Data research. GERBIL is not just a new framework wrapping existing technology. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. , a huge collection of RDF graphs that was crawled by a Linked Data crawler like the Billion Triple Challenge dataset. The evaluation of our framework by contributors suggests that adding an annotator to  GERBIL demands 1 to 2 hours of work. Though classification of resources into verticals was available  , our system did not make use of them. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . Our survey comprised five developers with expert-level programming skills in Java. In comparison with their original publication   , the FedWeb submission assumed that all resources are of the same size. Figure 11 left shows the performance of the recommendation for the AlgoViz Fall 2009 dataset. The BTC dataset contains 10 million quadruples  , but we used smaller excerpts containing 100  , 250 and 500 thousand unique quadruples. are identifiers typically generated for maintaining referential links. It is meaningful to compute the similarity between every two cameras  , but not so meaningful to compute that for each camera and each TV  , as an overall similarity between cameras and TVs should be sufficient. Participants had to rank the 157 search engines for each test topic without access to the corresponding search results. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. These users are referred to as Anonymous users and have a default user ID of 0. Given the full text of a scientific article   , a system should decide whether the article would support curation in each the following four categories: 1 Gene Ontology annotation The Gene Ontology Consortium  , 2000  , 2 the Mouse Tumor Biology Database 3 the Gene Expression Database  , and 4 the Alleles and Phenotypes category of the Mouse Genome Database. Table 3 shows the F1 values in comparison to the competitor systems on all data sets. A marketing analyst is examining sales data from a store like WalMart. IW3C2 reserves the right to provide a hyperlink to the author's site if the Material is used in electronic media. There are a number of ways in which graphs can be analyzed  , graph partitioning being one. However  , the default crawler may end up spidering many pages of the catalog at the cost of possibly missing pages in categories of interest to subscribers  , such as investor relations or press release pages. These browsers cover the most wellknown layout engines  , such as Trident and Gecko  , as well as several widely used JavaScript engines. In 16  , we have created an information model as well  , which is related to the research question 2b. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. We believe that a benchmark like WPBench is useful to evaluate the performance of Web browsers for modern Web 2.0 applications. With the advent of the Web and mobile devices  , we are observing a boom in local search: that is  , searching local businesses under geographical constraints. image or video files  , so the big-documents for such engines by concatenating the text from all its sampled pages would be empty  , which causes such resources would not be selected for any queries. Previously  , sentiment diversification was mainly applied to controversial topics which required opinionated documents to appear in retrieval results 7. Testing on the common genes of the other pairs  , we also see that most common genes are grouped into significant gene ontology terms. However  , these datasets do not include multilingual CH metadata. he/she tends to start invite other people soon. We conclude with a discussion of the current state of GERBIL and a presentation of future work. Since the Web content  , user interactions  , and networking are exactly the same for these browsers  , WPBench produces benchmark results fair to different Web browsers. GERBIL abides by a service-oriented architecture driven by the model-view-controller pattern see Figure 1. We investigated the effort to implement a BAT-framework adapter in contrast to evaluation efforts done without a structured evaluation framework in Section 4. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. In Section 3  , we introduce the WeChat social messaging group dataset. However  , GERBIL is currently only importing already available datasets. , products  , organizations  , locations  , etc. Table 7shows an example of URL recommendation when the user inputs query " Walmart " . 28 The extensibility of the datasets in GERBIL is furthermore ensured by allowing users to upload or use already available NIF datasets from DataHub. The results of this experiment are shown in Figure 4. The results obtained  , however  , with the FedWeb 2013 collection are completely different see Table 7. The spatial data is collected by the OpenStreetMap 5 project and it is available in RDF format. Apart from studying resource selection and results merging in a web context  , there are also new research challenges that readily appear  , and for which the FedWeb 2013 collection could be used. a vector  , to represent the query " Walmart " which is showed in Figure 1as follows: For neurons  , the four main compartments are cell body  , dendrite  , axon and spine. Moreover  , we capitalize upon the uptake of publicly available  , NIF based corpora over the last years 40  , 36. All data sets are integrated in GERBIL and strongly differ in document length and amount of entities per docu- ment. We see that the best resource depending on the queries from the General search engines achieves the highest number of relevant results and/or the results with the highest levels of relevance  , followed by the Blogs  , Kids  , and Video verticals. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. , Walmart. GERBIL can be used with systems and datasets from any domain. However  , it was more convenient for us to download the most up-todate original OpenStreetMap data about Bremen  , available as Shapefiles 10 . An important new condition in the Results Merging task  , as compared to the analogous FedWeb 2013 task  , is the requirement that each Results Merging run had to be based on a particular Resource Selection run. After deduplication   , there are about 886 million triples  , 175 million resources  , and 296 million literals. , we only consider groups that are not born to be dead; and also filtering groups with users that are in list of monthly spam users MSU or monthly inactive users MIU. These data could be used by the participants to build resource descriptions . This resulted in a list of 312 endpoints. OpenStreetMap datasets are available in RDF format from the LinkedGeoData project 9 . , Walmart  , McDonald's . One example of a project that combines an educational portal with online community is the AlgoViz Portal http: //algoviz.org. To bring together a wide rang of participants to support and participate in crowdsourcing task  , we adopt the various popular social networking platforms to spread widely  , including website promotion  , SNS social networking  , microblog  , WeChat and instant communication tools. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. Note that in all the results reported  , mentions that contain NIL or empty ground truth entities are discarded before the evaluation; this decision is taken as well in Gerbil version 1.1.4. This allows for a quick comparison of tools and datasets on recently run experiments without additional computational effort. Other applications demand tags with enhanced capabilities. In general  , such a set of features is based on datasets and vocabularies used in some LOD collection  , e.g. Moreover  , 6 novel annotators were added to the platform. Only the one-hop neighbors of current group members can be invited to the group chat. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. Standard economic literature users Euclidean distance and location games to model this phenomena; one of our contributions is suggesting that Jacquard distance is a more accurate model to capture the nuances of user tastes. The relevance cut-off parameter N is set to 200. The studies about transitivity in social net- works 18 suggest that the local structure in social networks can be expressed by the triad count. In Section 7.2 we discuss our results in contrast to other works that are not publicly available. Table 1compares the implemented annotation systems of GERBIL and the BAT-Framework. We preprocess the data by ignoring groups with less then 5 chat logs— i.e. We also find this to be true for queries in many other areas; for example  , newspapers  , airlines  , and banks among others also tend to have high correlation among themselves. Foundational Model of Anatomy ontology FMA 10 or Gene Ontology 11 that can be used to structure processes with semantic information. In contrast  , during the second quarter in 2014  , the second user is interested in " center  , partner  , WalMart  , game  , player  , Oklahoma " that are about business   , politics and some sports. So we can regard this task as a multi-class classification task. </narrative> </topic> Table 1shows the results obtained by evaluating our resource selection approaches on the FedWeb 2013 collection. We compute the Morishita and the Moran indexes for all spatial features  , i.e. The FedWeb 2014 Dataset contains both result snippets and full documents sampled from 149 web search engines between April and May 2014. Four thousand queries were adopted to gather samples from the diverse search engines; these samples were the basis for building descriptions for the informative resources at the various levels search engines and verticals. As our testbed we use the AlgoViz Portal 1 which collects metadata on Algorithm Visualizations and provides community support. Terabytes of raw data are ubiquitously being recorded in commerce  , science and government. We took SPARQL Endpoints from the SPARQLES survey 3  , vocabularies from Linked Open Vocabularies LOV 2 and prefix.cc  , and we augmented these data with spidered data from the Billion Triple Challenge BTC 2014 13 dataset. Runs are ordered by decreasing CF-IDF score. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. , the algorithm underlying the webservice has not changed. These interactions are emulated during benchmarking browsers by instrumented JavaScript which is independent of Web browsers. More in particular  , only results from the top 20 highest ranked resources in the selection run were allowed in the merging run. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. RFID technology has gained significant momentum in the past few years  , with several high-profile adoptions e.g. The persistent URIs enhance the long term quotation in the field of information extraction. We focus in particular on how annotators and datasets can be added to GERBIL and give a short overview of the annotators and tools that are currently included in the framework. The clustering results along with the topics highlighted in the previous section indicate that AlgoViz users have clusters of interests when it comes to using online resources related to algorithm visualizations. In AlgoViz we used the results in two ways: 1 within the content recommendation block that suggests a list of entries based on the DSN analysis results and 2 within the ranking function that generates the ordered list of entries for users during browse and search operations. It is accessible at http://gerbil.aksw.org/gerbil/ experiment ?id=201503050003 visualizations  , 30 see Figure 2 . For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. The FedWeb 2013 collection contains search result pages for many other queries  , as well as the HTML of the corresponding web pages. BM25 instead of the TF·IDF; – the use of external evidence to obtain a more effective information need representation. Edge Density. Sourced from WeChat official feature site 1. We find that long-term groups tend to exhibit a deeper tree structre with more branchings; whereas many short-term group cascade trees display an approximate star graph structure with most members being the leaves of the root node. Besides  , since each snippet has both a title and a description  , we tested considering only the title field to match the query  , only the description field desc  , or both. The six evaluation measures offered by GERBIL as well as the error count are expressed as qb:Measures. To illustrate this  , Figure 3a shows an example of a small WeChat group friendship networks  , in which nodes A  , B and C form a closed triad; nodes A  , C and D is considered an open triad. Next to individual configurable experiments  , GERBIL offers an overview of recent experiment results belonging to the same experiment and matching type in the form of a Table 5: Results of an example experiment.