This initial experiment encouraged us to study and apply the singleton property in the management of metadata for ontologies such as the Gene Ontology. Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Our system exploits the breakthrough image classifier by Krizhevsky et al. A well known success story is the application of ontology reasoning to genetics with the Gene Ontol- ogy 1. Training Label Set Y0. In Quora  , the top 10 includes topics in various areas including technology  , food  , entertainment  , health  , etc. " Furthermore  , the association of a gene with a function may change because of amendments to the functional characterization of genes: for example  , see 22 for a discussion of problems associated with gene and function nomenclature and association. This estimate might provide an upper bound of actual number of questions  , and our coverage of 58% would be a lower bound. The statistical significance for functional category enrichment called p-value is measured by using a cumulative hypergeometric distribution to compute the chance probability of observing the number of genes from a particular gene ontology category within each cluster. The Gene Ontology is not the only controlled vocabulary used for this purpose  , nor is it used consistently for annotating different genomes. , i/m 0.225 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.233 similarity are negative for both transitions. frequent descriptors are gene expression  , phylogenetic tree  , microarray experiment  , hierarchical clustering  , amino acid sequences  , motif  , etc. We obtain our F = 4096 dimensional visual features by taking the output of the second fully-connected layer i.e. Those articles should be classified to four categories: Tumor biology  , Embryologic gene expression  , Alleles of mutant phenotypes and Gene Ontology. Formally  , a gene within such genome is represented as a collection of three GF sets: mutated  , additional  , and inherited. So  , the cluster membership should satisfy both gene expression and gene ontology. We retrieve the coffee mug category from ImageNet and obtain 2200 images containing coffee mugs. For example  , Gene Ontology is a popular database that contains information about a gene product's cellular localization  , molecular function  , and biological process 1. We gathered our Quora dataset through web-based crawls between August and early September 2012. , FC7. Figure 1shows a partial hierarchy tree extracted from the Gene Ontology. Component refers to cellular structures common to all cells and they are taken from and cross-reference to the cell component hierarchy of the Gene Ontology. Given that large labeled image collections are available online now 6  , in this experiment we try to train object detectors using an existing image dataset here we use ImageNet and use the resulting detector responses in our system to perform scene labeling. We plot two lines for Quora  , a black dashed line for the total number of questions estimated by qid  , and the blue dashed line is the number of questions we crawled from each month. In contrast  , Stack Overflow anonymizes all voters and only displays the accumulated number of votes  , which can be negative Sorted Topic Bucket By # of Followers Thus in our analysis of Quora  , we only refer to upvotes and disregard downvotes . Maintenance. For example  , the gene ontology data available at http://www.geneontology.org can be modeled as DAGs with nodes representing gene terms and edges denoting their is-a and part-of relationships. We are surprised to find that the curves from Stack Overflow and Quora are nearly identical. However  , there are 9% questions with degree less than 5. Quora is unique because it integrates an effective social network shown above into a tradition Q&A site. Out of the 264K extracted users  , we found that roughly 5000 1.9% profiles were no longer available  , likely deleted either by Quora or the user. One of the emerging trends is an effort to define semantics precisely through ontologies that attempt to capture concepts  , objects  , and their relationships within a biological domain. This cluster contains 43 questions  , and all questions are related to " Quora. " Despite its short history Quora exited beta status in January 2010  , Quora seems to have achieved where its competitors have failed  , i.e. We describe details below. We should note such annotations are different from the overall ratings of reviews. There has been increased activity in development and integration of ontologies. We generate around 200 positive examples by cropping the coffee mug windows from images where ground truth bounding boxes were provided and resizing them to a 104 × 96 window. The weights of DNN are learned on ILSVRC-2010 1   , which is a subset of ImageNet 2 dataset with 1.26 million training images from 1 ,000 categories. Quora is a question and answer site where users can ask and answer questions and comment on or vote for existing answers. Following 9   , we use the ImageNet 1K label set as Y0  , including 1 ,000 visual object classes defined in the Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2012 10. Table 4shows an example of one generated cluster. We tried to follow crawler-etiquette defined in Quora's robots.txt. A simple search on Quora about how it works produces numerous unanswered questions about Quora's size  , mechanisms  , algorithms  , and user behavior. This ontology now has approximately 17 ,000 terms and several million annotated instances. Fig. This can be done in exactly the same framework  , except that now the probability map is obtained from detectors that use only HOG features extracted from the RGB image. Figure 15 plots the complementary cumulative distribution function CCDF for both the incoming degree follower and outgoing degree followee. The user-topic interaction has considerable impact on question answering activities in Quora. For example  , in biology there is the Gene Ontology and in medicine 7  there is the International Classification of Diseases ICD ontology. Gene Ontology harvest clustering methods. The images corresponding to these labels in the ImageNet form the training data in the source domain. Thus it is important to understand how social ties affect Q&A activities. Next  , we plot the distribution of views and answers per question in Figure 5and Figure 6. The basic statistics of both datasets are shown in Table 1Quora. The largest qid from our crawled questions is 761030  , leading us to estimate that Quora had roughly 760K questions at the time of our crawl  , and our crawl covered roughly 58% of all questions. In MGI  , a gene is annotated with a GO code only if there is a document that contains evidence to support the annotation. Both lines increase smoothly without gaps  , suggesting that Quora did not reset qid in the past and the questions we crawled are not biased to a certain time period. This effectively creates a related question graph  , where nodes represent questions  , and links represent a measure of similarity as determined by Quora. The proposed method is based on fuzzy clustering algorithm. 60305006 articles collected from MGI correctly for the curators for exhaustive analyses. Quora. In this section  , we evaluate HTSM in terms of sentiment classification . The Gene Ontology consists of 3 separate vocabularies -one for each of biological process  , cellular component and molecular function. We observed 56K topics in our dataset  , which is twice more than that of Stack Overflow  , even though Quora is smaller by 0   20   40   60   80   100   10 0 10 1 10 2 10 3 10 4 10 5 10Table 2lists the top 10 topics with most number of questions in each site. Second  , does the presence of popular users correlate with high quality questions or answers ? However  , the social interaction among Quora users could impact voting in various ways. Now let's consider another example – a patent or publication  citation network. Each burst contains 10 new questions sent seconds apart  , and consistently produced 10 sequential qid's. Since our goal is to evaluate the density estimation quality  , all documents in the corpora are treated as unlabelled e.g. To structure the information related to gene functions scattered over the literature   , a great deal of efforts has been made to annotate articles by using the Gene Ontology 1 GO terms. For all the conducted experiments  , we have validated the soundness and completeness of our algorithms by comparing the output solutions with those produced by the alternative algorithms. com. Previous work 8  , 9  , 24 studied effectively finding previously answered questions that are relevant to a new question asked by a user. This is the focus of the rest of our paper  , where we will study different Quora mechanisms to understand which  , if any  , can keep the site useful by consistently guiding users to valuable information. Quora makes visible the list of upvoters  , but hides downvoters. While the GO is not an ontology in the purists' sense  , it is a large  , controlled vocabulary based on three axes or hierarchies:  Molecular function -the activity of the gene product at the molecular biochemical level  , e.g. editors  , actors and CEOs. A key observation is that given the broad and growing number of topics in Quora  , identifying the most interesting and useful content  , i.e. Annotations encode domain knowledge required to precisely compute similarity between annotated concepts. Since the categories are not mutually exclusive  , an article may be classified into any number of categories between zero and four. We also introduced an algorithm using the collection's information in prior art task for keyword selection. Our analysis reveals interesting details about the operations of Quora. Their applications include disambiguation  , annotation and knowledge discovery. By positioning good answers at the top of the questions page  , Quora allows users to focus on valuable content. It provides a unified set of terms for the annotation of gene products in different organisms. In this section  , we introduce Quora  , using Stack Overflow as a basis for comparison. 9. Contrary  , in AOL the temporal component takes over. Nowadays  , the Lehigh University Benchmark LUBM is the de facto standard when it comes to reasoning with large ontologies 3 ,19 ,8 ,20 ,21. Answers and Quora. The Open Biomedical Ontologies project 14 and the Gene Ontology Consortium 16 are an example of two related efforts for developing a coherent set of ontologies for this domain. However  , the annotation requires trained human experts with extensive domain knowledge. This is because Quora recommends topics during the sign-up process. Despite their different topics of interest  , Quora and Stack Overflow share many similarities in distribution of content and activity. data using the approach proposed in 19   , it is still timeconsuming to get enough data to train good object detectors. This neural network was trained on about 1.2M images classified into 1000 categories. To remedy this problem  , a number of organizations have been working on annotating each gene of model organisms with a controlled vocabulary organized as a Directed Acyclic Graph  , called Gene Ontology GO terms  , based on the contents of the published scientific articles. TS task's queries are one or two sentences long  , which show research demanding of companies or experts. 7 shows the error rates of different approaches over the 7 ,000 personal photos and an ideal performance of the DL approach denoted as " DL+withinDomian "  which is trained and tested on ImageNet. The task was to identify documents that are relevant to these categories  , using a classifier trained on the labeled data. We computed Fleiss' Kappa to measure the inter-annotator agreement for this task  , obtaining 0.241 for the Quora topics   , 0.294 for the HF topics  , and 0.157 for the NYT topics. 60% of Stack Overflow users did not post any questions or answers  , while less than 1% of active users post more than 1000 questions or answers. For any concept ontology the root concept is assigned a genome. To validate this statement  , we performed several small experiments where we added small bursts of new meaningful questions to Quora. 1000  , which contains five convolutional layers denoted by C following the number of filters while the last three are fully-connected layers denoted by F following the number of neurons; the max-pooling layers denoted by P  follow the first  , second and fifth convolutional layers; local contrast normalization layers denoted by N  follow the first and second max-pooling layers. Examples of evidence codes include: inferred from mutant phenotype IMP  , inferred from direct assay IDA and inferred by curator IC. It describes more than 16 ,000 gene and gene product attributes of a large number of organisms. However  , most of these training data provided are not object-centric  , in which case the objects are not centered and zoomed in at the images but appear at various scales under different contexts 6. Latent Semantic Indexing and linguistic e.g. Such signals can be easily incorporated in HTSM to refine model estimation. It is organized into three disjoint hierarchies: molecular functions MF  , biological processes BP and cellular components CC. We observe similar trends in Quora. We search for pairs of gene clusters with largest overlap where one cluster in the pair belonging to the first bicluster and the other in the second bicluster. Deduction rules. One of the key features of knowledge engineering in bioinformatics is the need for community involvement in the development of schemas and ontologies. the Gene Ontology many other ontologies are connected to. Community question and answer sites provide a unique and invaluable service to its users. For an image  , its representation is the neuronal responses of the layer F 1024 by input the image into the learned DNN. Probably the best known and most widely used ontology is the Gene Ontology GO  , a Directed Acyclic Graph DAG of terms describing the function  , biological role and sub-cellular localisation of gene products. We evaluate the system using the ImageNet collection of 14 million images 2. It exploits the sentiment annotation in NewEgg data during the training phase. The evaluation shows that ADAM is able to efficiently query large collections of multimedia data. The Gene Ontology defines nine evidence codes. It was concerned with the classification of articles from four major categories  , including alleles of mutant phenotypes  , embryologic gene expression  , tumor biology  , and gene ontology GO annotation. The Gold standard contains 121 ,406 pairwise links out of a total of 15 ,744 ,466 gene pairs between 5 ,612 genes in the Lee data that are known to be functionally related. In some review data sets  , external signals about sentiment polarities are directly available. Keyconcept Lemur TF-IDF denotes the TF-IDF method based on the key concepts of keyframes. Their method just improved the biological meaning of clusters compared with classical SOM. instance  , the Gene Ontology 1   , which is widely used in life science  , contains 472 ,041 triples. The most famous is Gene Ontology GO promoted by the Gene Ontology Consortium 11. These ontologies encapsulating controlled vocabularies may be utilized in object models with defined data elements to describe and define entities. Moreover  , Kozielski and Gruca 16 proposed a method that combined gene expression and gene ontology to identify clusters. User-Topic Graph: Quora users follow different topics  , and receive updates about questions under topics they follow. Our estimated number of questions in Quora for June 2012 is 700K  , which is consistent with previously reported estimates 24. Finally  , the userto-user social network attracts views  , and leverages social ties to encourage votes and additional high quality answers. Therefore  , social relationships clearly affect Q&A activities  , and serve as a mechanism to lead users to valuable information. Human curators at MGI annotate genes and proteins with Gene Ontology GO codes based on evidence found in documents . Since each Quora user lists the topics she follows in her profile  , we estimate the number of followers by examining user profiles in our crawled dataset. Since Quora does not show when a question is posted  , we estimate the posting time by the timestamp of its earliest answer. We use the already segmented NewEgg reviews as groundtruth sentence-level sentiment annotations: we treat all sentences in the pros section as positive and all sentences in the cons section as negative. These low values confirm that sensitivity is rather subjective . Thus  , for each image  , a feature vector of 144 dimensions is stored in ADAM. This is because some of their related questions were not crawled questions deleted by Quora and thus are not included as nodes. In terms of votes  , both Quora and Stack Overflow allow users to upvote and downvote answers. Assuming we are correct about the use of qid  , we can plot an estimate of the growth of Quora and Stack Overflow   , by plotting qid against time. To facilitate this  , the research community has come together to develop the Gene Ontology GO  , www.geneontology.org 3. Descriptors are used to profile a given resource and/or to link it to a domain ontology e.g. Table 2shows the most prominent words for each of the chosen topics from the Quora topic model. While it is public knowledge that Quora differs from its competitors in its use of social networks and real identities  , few additional details or quantitative measures are known about its operations. Figure 1presents therapeutical targets HER1 and HER2 and annotations from the Gene Ontology GO 1 . This further supports our hypothesis that Quora's social graph and question graph have been extremely effective at focusing user attention and input on a small subset of valuable questions. 1. Hence we train our HTSM model in a semi-supervised manner. separating the wheat from the chaff  , is a very difficult problem. Our analysis relies on two key datasets. First  , the large majority 95% of users have followed at least 1 topic. Some systems exploit the use of online databases such as ImageNet to retrieve training data on demand. The TAP 7 ontology  , SWETO 1 or the Gene Ontology GO 2 on the other hand  , have a relatively simple logical model. , 8  , the primary goal is to select the most representative terms from a group in order to maintain a high level of precision. To understand how Quora's social network functions  , a basic question of interest is how users choose their followees. Since Quora has no predefined topic structures for its questions questions can have one or more arbitrary topic " labels "   , getting the full set of all questions is difficult. Next  , we rank the topics by the number of followers. 3how to deal with long queries in Prior Art PA task ? Another recent example is schema.org  , an ontology to mark up data on the web with schema information. Training corpus changes. 4  that gained significant attention by winning the 2012 ImageNet challenge  , defeating other approaches by a significant margin. Following the right topics can introduce users to valuable questions and answers  , but is not the only way to access questions. First  , what triggers Quora users to form social ties ? For technology survey  , we proposed a chemical terminology expansion algorithm with the professional chemical domain information from two chemical websites  , ChemID plus and PubChem. Gene Ontology 1 or Airport Codes Ontology 2  which are used for benchmarking can be found in 18. Given the rapid growth of questions on question-and-answer sites  , how does Quora help users find the most interesting and valuable questions and avoid spammy or low-value questions ? Besides  , an edge exists between a class and an instance in the hierarchy tree if and only if there is a type relation between them in the data. The Mouse Genomics MGI team currently manually curate new articles for annotation with Gene Ontology GO codes. Quora is a question and answer site with a fully integrated social network connecting its users. In this paper  , we perform a detailed measurement study of Quora  , and use our analyses to shed light on how its internal structures contribute to its success. Also for fair comparison  , tasks are not distributed to multiple processors simultaneously. 1 score difference between ti and ti−1 0.106 sentiment word count difference in ti and ti−1 0.251 an indicator function about whether ti is more similar to ti−1 or ti+1 0.521 jaccard coefficient between POS tags in ti and ti−1 0.049 negation word count in ti 0.104 Topic transition feature Weight bias term fad  , i -0.016 content-based cosine similarity between ti and ti−1 -0.895 length ratio of two consecutive sentences ti and ti−1 0.034 relative position of ti in d  , i.e. We decided to pre-compute transitive closure table as is done in Gene Ontology Database as well. concepts and about 70% of the photos present more than three relevant or highly relevant concepts which indicates the complexity in the visual appearances of personal photos. Training: For each of the 272 concepts  , we randomly selected about 650 images and obtained 180 ,000 images in total from ImageNet as the training data in the source domain. Historically  , advances in gene sequencing had been hindered by the different ways used by scientists to describe and conceptualize shared biological elements of organisms. This is a very realistic setting for concrete applications as there is often a central ontology  , i.e. In addition  , 99% of questions end up with less than 10 answers  , and 20% of all Quora questions managed to collect ≥4 answers. The Lee dataset consists of 591 gene-expression experiments on 5 ,612 yeast genes obtained from the Stanford Microarray database 7 http://genome-www5.stanford.edu/ and also contains a Gold standard based on Gene Ontology GO annotations http://www.geneontology.org. Not surprisingly  , questions under well-followed topics generally draw more answers and views. According to a recent survey of Quora users 31  , they tend to follow users who they consider interesting and knowledgeable . Downvotes are processed and only contribute to determining the order answers appear in.